
TOPIC: Aviation

LIVE SEARCH SUMMARY:
{
  "stories": [
    {
      "headline": "Civil Aviation Minister Clarifies Air India Flight AI-171 Crash Report as Preliminary",
      "engagement_total": 0,
      "x_posts": [],
      "supporting_articles": [
        "https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/dont-jump-to-any-conclusion-civil-aviation-ministry-reacts-to-ai-171-crash-probe-report-calls-it-preliminary/articleshow/122401861.cms"
      ]
    }
  ]
}

X POSTS FROM SEARCH (0):
None found

SUPPORTING ARTICLES (7):
- 'Don't jump to any conclusion': Civil aviation minister reacts to AI 171 crash probe report; calls it 'preliminary' | India News - Times of India: India News: The ministry of civil aviation has clarified that the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau's (AAIB) report on the Air India Flight 171 crash is prel [https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/dont-jump-to-any-conclusion-civil-aviation-ministry-reacts-to-ai-171-crash-probe-report-calls-it-preliminary/articleshow/122401861.cms]
FULL CONTENT (13561 chars): &#x27;Don&#x27;t jump to any conclusion&#x27;: Civil aviation minister reacts to AI 171 crash probe report; calls it &#x27;preliminary&#x27; | India News - Times of India Edition IN IN US English English हिन्दी मराठी ಕನ್ನಡ தமிழ் বাংলা മലയാളം తెలుగు ગુજરાતી Sign In TOI india Operation Sindoor Cancel Patriarchy Maharashtra Delhi Karnataka Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh West Bengal Gujarat Madhya Pradesh Bihar Chandigarh Rajasthan Arunachal Pradesh Andhra Pradesh Assam Chhattisgarh Goa Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu Kashmir Jharkhand Kerala Manipur Meghalaya Mizoram Nagaland Odisha Punjab Sikkim Tripura Uttarakhand Andaman Nicobar Islands Dadra Nagar Haveli Daman Diu Lakshadweep Pondicherry Web Stories Saving Our Stripes Digital Arrest Today&#x27;s ePaper News India News &#x27;Don&#x27;t jump to any conclusion&#x27;: Civil aviation minister reacts to AI 171 crash probe report; calls it &#x27;preliminary&#x27; Trending Delhi Building Collapse IND vs ENG AAIB Report India US Trade Deal UGC Net June Rozgar Mela KEAM counselling Registration IND vs ENG 3rd Test Delhi Building Collapse IND vs ENG AAIB Report India US Trade Deal UGC Net June Rozgar Mela KEAM counselling Registration IND vs ENG 3rd Test Delhi Building Collapse IND vs ENG AAIB Report India US Trade Deal UGC Net June Rozgar Mela KEAM counselling Registration IND vs ENG 3rd Test 'Don't jump to any conclusion': Civil aviation minister reacts to AI 171 crash probe report; calls it 'preliminary' TOI News Desk / TIMESOFINDIA.COM / Updated: Jul 12, 2025, 17:05 IST Share AA + Text Size Small Medium Large The ministry of civil aviation has clarified that the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau's (AAIB) report on the Air India Flight 171 crash is preliminary. The investigation into the deadly crash of the Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner, which occurred shortly after takeoff from Ahmedabad and claimed the lives of 240 people, is still ongoing. Air India 171 crash NEW DELHI: Union civil aviation minister Ram Mohan Naidu Kinjarapu on Saturday said that the preliminary report released by the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) into the Air India Flight 171 crash is not the final assessment of the incident. The investigation remains ongoing, the ministry said. &quot;This is a preliminary report. At the ministry, we are analysing it... We are coordinating with AAIB for any support they need. We are hoping that the final reports come out soon so that we can arrive at some conclusion,&quot; Naidu told reporters. He also expressed confidence in aviation personnel, adding, &quot;I truly believe we have the most wonderful workforce in terms of pilots and the crew in the whole world. Pilots and crew are the backbone of the aviation industry.&quot; Poll Do you think the preliminary report on the Air India Flight 171 crash provides enough information? Yes No Minister of state for civil aviation Murlidhar Mohol echoed the same view, telling ANI: &quot;The AAIB has brought out a preliminary report. This is not the final report. Until the final report comes out, we should not arrive at any conclusion. AAIB is an autonomous authority, and the ministry does not interfere in their work.&quot; Earlier in the day, the AAIB released its 15-page preliminary report on the deadly crash involving Air India Flight AI171, a Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner en route to London Gatwick. The aircraft crashed seconds after takeoff from Ahmedabad, ploughing into a medical hostel complex near the airport. Of the 241 people onboard, only one passenger survived. The report outlined a series of critical events, including mid-air fuel cutoffs to both engines, confusion between pilots in the cockpit, and failed recovery attempts, shedding light on what may have triggered one of the deadliest aviation accidents in India in recent decades. The AAIB said further analysis, component testing, and forensic examination are under way before a final conclusion is drawn. About the Author TOI News Desk The TOI News Desk comprises a dedicated and tireless team of journalists who operate around the clock to deliver the most current and comprehensive news and updates to the readers of The Times of India worldwide. With an unwavering commitment to excellence in journalism, our team is at the forefront of gathering, verifying, and presenting breaking news, in-depth analysis, and insightful reports on a wide range of topics. The TOI News Desk is your trusted source for staying informed and connected to the ever-evolving global landscape, ensuring that our readers are equipped with the latest developments that matter most.&quot; Read More End of Article Follow Us On Social Media Visual Stories Previous 9 plants that are found only in India Lifestyle 10 times Janhvi Kapoor and Shikhar Pahariya gave us couple goals Entertainment 10 things to know before getting a Persian cat Lifestyle Zodiac signs that can hide their dislike like a pro astrology Top 10 red venomous animals Lifestyle 8 stunning mehendi designs for Sawan Aagman 2025 Lifestyle Palak Tiwari’s top 10 gorgeous ethnic looks tv Priyanka Mohan’s Chic Fashion Moment Is Too Good to Miss Entertainment Can’t stick to daily walks? Try these 10 easy habit hacks Lifestyle Timeless looks of Anita Hassanandani in sarees tv Next 1 2 3 Photostories 9 banana dishes from around the world These Bollywood stars have brains to match their fame From Working for a Food Chain at Rs 1,800 per Month to Being Fired for Having a Baby, Miscarriage and More: When Smriti Irani Got Candid and Made Shocking Revelations 6 high-protein Avocado-Chia Seeds breakfast ideas that can be made in less than 10 minutes 5 latest blouse designs inspired by new-age Bengali actresses Kerala beaches that turn beautiful in the monsoon season Divorced but never tied the knot again: The other side of Bollywood love stories 8 rare birds to spot in Indian jungles Energy bars inspired by traditional Indian ingredients 7 Practical steps to become the best version of yourself 1 2 3 Hot Picks Nvidia Donald Trump tariff NASA Employees Wilmington Tunnel Collapse Benjamin Song Jane Street Ghana Parliament Top Trending Popular CBSE Schools in Hyderabad Air India Plane Crash Cooper Flagg Superman Mythic Fortnite How to Revise Your Syllabus in Less time Career As a Pilot CBSE Schools in Gurugram Trae Young Travis Kelce Sofia Vergaras Net Worth Tired of too many ads? go ad free now Trending Stories In India Entire Website Delhi fire: Blaze breaks out in Sadar Bazar, more than 10 fire engines on site &#x27;Bias toward pilot error&#x27;: Pilots&#x27; Association raises concerns over Air India crash report; demands transparency Monsoon wrecks Himachal: 92 lives claimed; Rs 751.78 crore worth infrastructure damaged Nimisha Priya death sentence in Yemen: Congress urges PM Modi&#x27;s ‘immediate intervention’; calls for ‘utmost priority’ Geometry compass, jumping out of moving auto: Teen girl foils kidnapping bid in Thane - Here&#x27;s how she saved herself &#x27;It is difficult to find ... &#x27;: DK Shivakumar&#x27;s &#x27;chair&#x27; remark sparks fresh buzz; day after Siddaramaiah&#x27;s leadership change denial Tennis player murder case: Radhika Yadav didn’t own academy, booked courts for tennis training, says police Sexual assault accused &#x27;lynched&#x27; in Arunachal: Dragged out of police station; dies in hospital ‘Trials go for decades… system badly needs fixing’: CJI Gavai addresses flaws in Indian judicial system; pins hope on young graduates &#x27;Was in Delhi to ...&#x27;: Siddaramaiah denies Rahul snub claim; accuses BJP of denying funds IND vs ENG Day 3 Live: KL Rahul, Rishabh Pant push India forward at Lord&#x27;s “The death of my dream”: Gisele Bündchen’s tearful interview marked a turning point in her healing journey after Tom Brady divorce GSEB HSC Supply Result 2025: Gujarat board class 12th science supplementary results declared, check direct link to download marksheet here Microsoft cuts 15,000 jobs, tells remaining employees to invest in ... &quot;The friendship is done”: Taylor Swift unlikely to forgive Blake Lively after betrayal, Travis Kelce now her source of loyalty Air India 171 crash probe: Cockpit audio reveals pilots&#x27; confusion over mid-air fuel cutoff - 10 key points from AAIB preliminary report &#x27;Canada not your playground&#x27;: SFJ threat to Kapil Sharma Trade war: Canada reacts after Donald Trump slaps 35% tariffs; will US soften its stance? NBA Trade Rumors: Blockbuster prediction sends $52.6 million Los Angeles Lakers superstar to New York Knicks in exchange for Karl-Anthony Towns Trump calls Pete Hegseth &#x27;secretary of war&#x27;, people think he lost his mind Tired of too many ads? go ad free now Explore Every Corner Across The Globe IND vs ENG Gisele Bundchen Cardi B Connor Mcdavid Taylor Swift NHL Trade Blake Lively Travis Kelce Indian Origin Business Tycoons in US Aaron Rodgers Matthew Tkachuk Magic Johnson Ryan Clark Tom Brady Suresh Raina Vantika Agrawal Wimbledon Final Live Streaming Kansas City Chief Kenny Pickett Sofia Vergara Lebron James Ratan Tata Air India Plane Crash Dan Bongino Lufthansa CEO&#x27;s Wife Benjamin Netanyahu AAIB Report Ovidio Guzman Lopez Myanmar Airstrike Maratha Military Landscapes About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Living and Entertainment Cricbuzz Lifestyle Newspaper Subscription Food News TV Times Prime Travel Destinations Whats Hot ETimes Times Life Times Pets MyLifeXP Services CouponDunia TechGig TimesJobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Gadgets Times Events Work with Us Colombia Hot on the Web S Shankar Maalik Review Constipation Relief Foods Colourful Birds Chinki Minki Priyanka Chopra Dhadak 2 Trailer Nerve Damage Symptoms Beetroot Benefits Rare Genetic Disease Kapil Sharma Sadhguru Superfoods Sharp Brain Foods Son of Sardaar 2 Trailer Chia Seeds For Hair Kidney Health Walking Benefits High Blood Pressure Symptoms Mrunal Thakur Moringa For Hair Growth Ratan Tata Fatty Liver Disease Morning Habits Indoor Plants Liver Damage Symptoms Visa Types Foods For Brain Maalik Box Office Collection Kannappa Box Office Collection Sitaare Zameen Par Box Office Collection Stomach Cancer Lamborghini Made In Kerala The Invisible Man And His Soon To Be Wife Sleep Paralysis Jowar Eating Benefits Pastel Kitchen Design Blood Cancer Gastric Cancer Trapit Bansal Chartered Accountant At Age Of 71 Rishi Sunak Virender Sehwag Trending Topics Jasprit Bumrah Shubman Gill Magnus Carlsen Jaspreet Bumrah New Record Novak Djokovic Populars Schools in Hyderabad How to Identify Prime Number Canada International Students Microsoft Layoffs Antonio Brown Luka Donic Cooper Flagg Boston Celtics Kevin Durant NBA Trade Rumors Lebron James Matthew Tkachuk Artemi Panarins Who is Dillon Dub NHL Trade Rumors Mia Zelu Gervonta Davis Jonnu Smith Seth Rollins Alexa Knierim Lauren Kyle David Pelletier Jeff Skinner Michael Milne TCS Salary Increments Zack Wheeler NASA Employees NYT Connections Today Wordle Today Hints Amazon Sale Kidney Damage Trapit Bansal Youtube Monetization Rules Jensen Huang Heart Attack Samsung Galaxy Z Flip6 Ghost of Yōtei Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health+ Tips Indian TV Shows Technology Travel Etimes Health &amp; Fitness NFL Intel The Learning Curve India vs England Astrology Weather Today Platinum Rate Today Silver Rate Today Gold Rate Today Delhi AQI Today June Bank Holidays Public Holidays in June Stock Market Holidays Financial Calculators BSE Holidays Technology News International Sports Public Holidays Bank Holidays Latest News Anne Hathaway&#x27;s &#x27;Verity&#x27; release date delayed Jake Fraser-McGurk, Xavier Bartlett included in Australia T20I squad for West Indies series Priyanka Chopra shares a heartfelt birthday tribute to her two “Most Special People” - her brother Siddharth Chopra and her mother-in-law Denise Jonas Kwon Eun Bi’s Waterbomb journey: From viral fame to buying parents a car and a dream home – Read more When Sanjay Kapoor said he doesn’t want to advise Shanaya before her debut: “She’s seen my ups and downs” When Rishi Kapoor felt embarrassed watching himself on screen after gaining weight: &#x27;My name is not there among the top...&#x27; Taylor Swift’s surprise ‘Love Story’ duet with George Kittle had him losing it: “An absolute riot” 3 fours in 1 over and gone: Vaibhav Suryavanshi&#x27;s red-ball debut ends abruptly in 1st Youth Test vs England Atlanta Braves star Austin Riley sparks injury scare after sudden exit with abdominal pain Critical minerals push: India to make rare earth magnets in Hyderabad; G Kishan Reddy says move to cut China reliance LaMelo Ball watches courtside as Liam McNeeley scores 22 to lead Charlotte Hornets past Utah Jazz 10 US colleges beyond the Ivy Leagues that offer great computer science programs Horoscope Tomorrow, July 13, 2025: Your zodiac insights await Sofia Vergara breaks silence on who she’s spending her summer with as Tom Brady romance rumors heat up Book excerpt: &#x27;Sing, Dance, and Lead&#x27; by Hindol Sengupta Delhi fire: Blaze breaks out in Sadar Bazar, more than 10 fire engines on site Watch: Gorilla pulls tourist’s hair, then gets slapped by &#x27;jealous partner&#x27; Drama at Lord&#x27;s! &#x27;Keep the players out of it&#x27;: Jofra Archer unhappy with ball shape - Watch Copyright © 2025 Bennett, Coleman &amp; Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service Follow Us On

- Air India flight AI-171 crash: Aviation expert analyses AAIB’s preliminary report, negates captain’s fault - The Economic Times Video | ET Now: First report on the horrific Ahmedabad crash of Air India’s Boeing 787 released by Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau. AAIB’s preliminary report disclosed the crucial dialogues exchanged by the pilots just before the crash. Report outlines a harrowing sequence of events that unfolded within 90 seconds of the take-off. Both engines shut down unexpectedly during initial climb, leading to catastrophic loss of thrust and rapid descent, report said. Pilots’ conversation was recorded in the aircraft's Enhanced Airborne Flight Recorder during the crash. “Why did you cut off?”, one pilot was heard asking the other, to which the response was, "I did not". Commercial Pilot Rajiv Pratap Rudy on July 12 briefed about AAIB report on Ahmedabad Plane crash. “AAIB report states that aircraft took flight normally, meaning it was capable of getting airborne. The jet fuel switch was in its required position. Later, the pilots reported engine power decreasing. Further probe will bring out why the engines had 'flame out'. Captain Sabharwal and his co-pilot, using their years of experience, tried to relight the engines...How and why this happened will be known through further investigation...,” said Rajiv Pratap Rudy. [https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/transportation/airlines-/-aviation/air-india-flight-ai-171-crash-aviation-expert-analyses-aaibs-preliminary-report-negates-captains-fault/videoshow/122402461.cms?from=mdr]
FULL CONTENT (13386 chars): Air India flight AI-171 crash: Aviation expert analyses AAIB&rsquo;s preliminary report, negates captain&rsquo;s fault - The Economic Times Video | ET Now Industry English Edition English Edition &#x939;&#x93f;&#x928;&#x94d;&#x926;&#x940; ગુજરાતી मराठी বাংলা ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు | Today's ePaper My Watchlist Subscribe Sign In Search + Home ETPrime Markets Market Data AI Masterclass News Industry SME Politics Wealth MF Tech AI Careers Opinion NRI Panache More Menu Auto Auto News Cars &amp; UVs Two wheelers &amp; three wheelers LCV &amp; HCV Auto Components Tyres Banking/Finance Banking Finance Insure Cons. Products Durables Electronics Fashion / Cosmetics / Jewellery FMCG Food Garments / Textiles Liquor Paints Tobacco Energy Power Oil &amp; Gas Renewables Solar Energy Wind Energy Policy and regulations People Hybrid Power Electric vehicles Ind'l Goods/Svs Construction Engineering Cement Chem / Fertilisers Metals &amp; Mining Packaging Paper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ Marbles Petrochem Steel Healthcare/Biotech Biotech Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Services Advertising Consultancy / Audit Education Hotels / Restaurants Property / C'struction Retail Travel Media/Entertainment Entertainment Media More Transportation Railways Airlines / Aviation Shipping / Transport Roadways Tech ITES Tech &amp; Internet Startups Funding Tech Bytes Telecom Telecom News Telecom Policy Miscellaneous CSR Initiatives Policy Environment Business News &rsaquo; Industry &rsaquo; Transportation &rsaquo; Airlines / Aviation &rsaquo; Air India flight AI-171 crash: Aviation expert analyses AAIB’s preliminary report, negates captain’s fault Air India flight AI-171 crash: Aviation expert analyses AAIB’s preliminary report, negates captain’s fault ET Online | 12 Jul 2025, 01:48 PM IST First report on the horrific Ahmedabad crash of Air India’s Boeing 787 released by Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau. AAIB’s preliminary report disclosed the crucial dialogues exchanged by the pilots just before the crash. Report outlines a harrowing sequence of events that unfolded within 90 seconds of the take-off. Both engines shut down unexpectedly during initial climb, leading to catastrophic loss of thrust and rapid descent, report said. Pilots’ conversation was recorded in the aircraft's Enhanced Airborne Flight Recorder during the crash. “Why did you cut off?”, one pilot was heard asking the other, to which the response was, "I did not". Commercial Pilot Rajiv Pratap Rudy on July 12 briefed about AAIB report on Ahmedabad Plane crash. “AAIB report states that aircraft took flight normally, meaning it was capable of getting airborne. The jet fuel switch was in its required position. Later, the pilots reported engine power decreasing. Further probe will bring out why the engines had 'flame out'. Captain Sabharwal and his co-pilot, using their years of experience, tried to relight the engines...How and why this happened will be known through further investigation...,” said Rajiv Pratap Rudy. Show more Show less Post a Comment Read more on air india plane crash air india plane crash highlights air india plane crash reason engine fuel control switches air india fuel air india crash aircraft accident investigation bureau aviation expert on aaib report rajiv pratap rudy Related Videos 01:30 AI-171 crash investigation: Air India CEO says no maintenance or engine issues detected Views: 22 03:13 'Not satisfied&hellip;': Air India crash victim&rsquo;s kin rejects AAIB report, demands thorough probe Views: 570 14:18 Air India flight AI-171 crash: Aviation expert analyses AAIB&rsquo;s preliminary report, negates captain&rsquo;s fault Views: 928 04:22 Air India crash: 'Why did you cut off&hellip;,' AAIB report reveals final cockpit conversation Views: 1028 05:12 From wreckage to revelation: How black boxes help crack Air Crash mysteries Views: 387 01:03 'Airspace restrictions...': Air India cancels Ahmedabad-London flight; airline issues statement Views: 391 02:29 Second Ahmedabad-London Air India flight canceled due to technical issues after recent crash Views: 361 03:47 PM Modi calls Ahmedabad Air India crash 'heartbreaking'; says in constant touch with authorities Views: 594 01:27 Helicopter en route to Kedarnath crashlands on highway, all six onboard safe Views: 548 05:24 IATA cuts traffic, profit forecasts for 2025 as Airlines face aircraft delivery delays Views: 369 03:16 Indian airline IndiGo places order for 30 additional wide-body Airbus A350 aircraft Views: 438 02:31 India-Pak crisis: 32 airports close across India; security heightened as tension escalates Views: 5422 01:29 Operation Sindoor: Flights to and from Srinagar, Leh, Dharamshala, Amritsar, Jammu affected Views: 779 26:50 Beyond software: How ERP is powering India&rsquo;s aerospace and defence Views: 620581 11:30 Adani's Navi Mumbai International Airport is set for its maiden boarding call. Here's a peak inside Views: 4750 03:03 Navi Mumbai International Airport successfully conducts its first flight validation test Views: 1259 00:59 Bye-bye Vistara: The full service carrier takes off for one last time Views: 728 03:07 Andhra Pradesh CM N Chandrababu Naidu launches trial run of seaplane service from Vijayawada to Srisailam Views: 1234 12:26 How much does one bomb hoax can cost airlines? Govt planning this big move to tackle bomb hoax calls Views: 933 09:56 Civil Aviation minister shares centre&rsquo;s plan to counter hoax bomb threats; 'Legislative action if required&hellip;' Views: 483 03:58 Hoax Bomb Threats: From Spice Jet, Indigo to Vistara, airlines in India on edge, Centre plans action Views: 511 03:06 Air India flight makes emergency landing in Canada after &lsquo;hoax&rsquo; bomb threat amid Nijjar row Views: 402 02:05 IndiGo flight from Saudi Arabia makes emergency landing at Jaipur after hoax bomb threat Views: 431 02:07 Air India Express mid-air scare: Pilots Fahmi Zainal, Maitryee Shrikrishna leave Trichy airport after safe landing Views: 23715 02:26 Air India Express mid-air scare: Pilots saved passengers' life, Tiruchirappalli DM praises pilots Views: 9265 01:13 IAF successfully holds trial run at Navi Mumbai International Airport; full operations by March 2025 Views: 1347 01:51 Air India Express flight makes emergency landing in Trichy after mid-air scare Views: 2150 02:02 Helicopter crashes in Pune's Bavdhan area; three onboard killed Views: 3498 50:58 Corner Office Conversation with Akasa&rsquo;s Vinay Dube &amp; Praveen Iyer Views: 548 01:16 Uttarakhand airlift failure: Chopper falls off mid-air amidst an airlift by Indian army's MI-17 helicopter Views: 872 01:47 Airbus Beluga, the 'Whale Of The Sky' lands at Rajiv Gandhi International Airport in Hyderabad Views: 14881 02:56 IndiGo launches business class service: First look of Airlines&rsquo; Business class seats Views: 1121 04:11 Airbus and Tata collaborate to launch first 'Made in India' H125 helicopter in 2026: South Asia head Sunny Guglani Views: 2476 01:47 Issue resolved, flight schedule being followed now: MoS Mohol on Microsoft Outage Views: 701 04:01 Mumbai: Air India recruitment drive causes stampede-like situation as over 25,000 applicants arrive Views: 1109 05:17 Delhi T-1 roof collapse: 'Structural audit of all airports ordered,' says Aviation Minister Naidu Views: 1050 01:10 Air travellers' trauma: Spicejet plane stuck on tarmac for an hour with no AC, passengers share videos Views: 885 01:07 Delhi Airport launches self-drop baggage machines for quick check-in, watch! Views: 694 02:46 Delhi airport faces power outage, boarding and check-in facilities briefly impacted Views: 775 04:05 TDP's Ram Mohan Naidu takes charge as Civil Aviation Minister, vows to bring down airfares Views: 1037 Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with: Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment: Post to Twitter Latest Videos 03:32 Hate floods in as Omar Fateh runs for Minneapolis mayor 10:23 Trump says US to send weapons, NATO to foot the bill for Ukraine 03:11 Police reveal details of plane crash at London Airport 17:44 Laura Ingraham hails mass firing of State Dept staff 11:09 Trump’s ‘final’ ultimatum to Russia, ‘end Ukraine war in 50 days or…' 14:00 EU stuns US with fiery countermeasure threat LIVE | Trump's 'major' Russia announcement after NATO meet 03:04 Massachusetts: Deadly blaze rips through Gabriel House 04:06 Ola cuts loss, inflation falls 08:01 Europe to trigger Snapback clause against Iran? Trending Videos BJP Manifesto 2024 Live Updates Mukhtar Ansari death IPL in USA Srinagar snowfall Joe Biden Poonam Pandey Death Row Bharat Jodo Nyay Yatra Update Delhi weather Atishi Marlena News Ram Mandir LIVE Dal lake Arogya Maitri Cub Madhabi Puri on Mule Accounts kotak q3 results Harbhajan singh on ram mandir Ram mandir pran pratishtha Ram Mandir PM Modi visit Sri Ranganathaswamy Temple Acharya Satyendra Das Modi ayodhya visit Ayodhya Airport PM Modi Ayodhya Visit Live Election Results 2023 LIVE Rajasthan Election Result 2023 LIVE Telangana Election Result 2023 LIVE Kotak Mahindra Bank Q2 Results Gary Neville Oracle gary miller Ronaldinho in Kolkata Mizoram elections 2023 Most Popular News The Great Indian Kapil Show: KPop star Jackson Wang says this is his 'last visit' to India and opens up on his experience on visiting Indian clubs Cash may return as king as small vendors shun UPI IIT-IIM degrees, Goldman Sachs job. Left everything to know more about security guards. Who is Abhishek Kumar, co-founder of MyGate? India testing a missile that flies at eight times the speed of sound, hits targets 1,500 km away Ola Electric shares surge over 17% despite posting Rs 428 crore loss in Q1. Here&rsquo;s why Enter search text: Hot on Web MORE xrp price Ola Electric Share Price Smartworks Coworking IPO GMP Jane Street Scam Q1 Results Live Updates Ola Electric Q1 Results FY26 Sensex Today Ashish Chanchlani Elli Avram Air India crash report Earthquake in Delhi Why Market is Down Today? Sensex Today IREDA Share Price Amazon Sale ITR-2 and ITR-3 Released Is Outlook down Right Now PM Kisan 20th Instalment Date In Case you missed it MORE Oscars 2025 Live News Update Automobile Budget 2025 Live Updates RBI Monetary Policy Live Updates RBI Meeting Highlights Budget 2024 Live MORE Top Searched Companies IRFC share price Suzlon share price IREDA share price TATA Motors share price Yes bank share price HDFC Bank share price NHPC share price RVNL share price SBI share price Tata power share price Tata steel share price Adani power share price Paytm share price PNB share price Zomato share price BEL share price BHEL share price Infosys share price IRCTC share price ITC share price JIO finance share price LIC share price Reliance share price HAL share price JP Power share price NBCC share price TCS share price Vedanta share price Wipro share price IOC share price Ircon share price SAIL share price SJVN share price GAIL share price HUDCO share price REC share price Reliance Power share price Tata Technologies share price Vodafone idea share price Adani Enterprises share price Adani Green share price Adani Port share price Ashok Leyland share price Bank of Baroda share price BSE share price Canara Bank share price CDSL share price Coal India share price HFCL share price IDFC First Bank share price Top Calculators MORE Standard Deviation Calculator Income Tax Calculator Age Calculator SIP Calculator Time Calculator BMI Calculator GPA Calculator Statistics Calculator Fraction Calculator Diabetes Risk Calculator Date Calculator Log Calculator Latest News US ice cream makers to scoop out synthetic dyes under RFK Jr. push Zelensky proposes new PM, defence minister for Ukraine in major reshuffle 'Ramayana' is now the most expensive Indian film in history: Learn the jaw-dropping budget of Ranbir Kapoor-Yash-starrer Wall Street ends with modest gains as investors await earnings, economic data Delhi weather: Rains to continue in national capital; Check forecast for the week Starc scripts history as Australia skittle Windies for 27 in third Test win From soil to sky: How Garuda&rsquo;s war room is arming India for the drone wars of tomorrow TCS record date for Rs 11 dividend tomorrow. Last chance to buy shares for eligibility Dollar holds near three-week high before CPI data; Bitcoin hovers above $120,000 Gold holds ground with spotlight on US inflation data UN says development goals progress 'insufficient' 10 years on Drone attacks target Iraq airport and oil field: Kurd forces Google Pay&rsquo;s credit boost; Spiritual apps chant &lsquo;AI&rsquo; Oil edges down as market contemplates potential sanctions, tariffs UFO, aliens in Canadian skies? Top scientist demands action after thousands of UFO sightings ignored Follow us on: Download ET App: subscribe to our newsletter Copyright &copy; 2025 Bennett, Coleman &amp; Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action Name Reason for reporting: Foul language Slanderous Inciting hatred against a certain community Others Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. My Saved Videos Sign in Sign up Mail This Video To see your saved stories, click on link hightlighted in bold

- Air India crash’s prelim report to be out very soon: Aviation Minister - The Tribune: Civil Aviation Minister Ram Mohan Naidu on Friday said the preliminary report on the recent Air India crash is expected to be made public “very soon”, adding that the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) is actively working on it as per international norms. [https://www.tribuneindia.com/news/india/air-india-crashs-prelim-report-to-be-out-very-soon-aviation-minister/]
FULL CONTENT (7363 chars): Air India crash’s prelim report to be out very soon: Aviation Minister - The Tribune Subscribe To Print Edition About The Tribune Code Of Ethics Download App Advertise with us Classifieds Search Trending Videos India Opinion Opinion Comment Editorials The Middle Reflections Sports State Himachal Pradesh Himachal Calling Punjab Simply Punjab Heart of Punjab Jammu &amp; Kashmir Haryana Simply Haryana Heart of Haryana Chhattisgarh Madhya Pradesh Rajasthan Uttarakhand Uttar Pradesh City Chandigarh Amritsar Jalandhar Ludhiana Delhi Patiala Bathinda Shaharnama World United States Pakistan Diaspora Features The Tribune Science Time Capsule Spectrum In-Depth Travel Food Business My Money AutoZone UPSC Exam Schedule Exam Mentor Don't Miss Login Search Search Home India World Sports Business Features Archive States Punjab Heart of Punjab Haryana Heart of Haryana Himachal Pradesh Himachal Calling Jammu & Kashmir Uttarakhand Uttar Pradesh Rajasthan Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh Cities Amritsar Bathinda Chandigarh Delhi Jalandhar Ludhiana Patiala Shaharnama Opinion Editorials Comment musings Letters To The Editor Latest News Tribune Defence Life Lifestyle Entertainment Movie Reviews Pollywood Arts Book Reviews Photo Gallery Move Ahead Jobs & Careers Health Science & Technology Coronavirus Schools Partner Exclusives Games Classifieds Grooms Wanted property for sale Situation Vacant Tolet Education Other Classifieds Remembering B N Goswamy Remembering Nehru Reach us The Tribune Epaper The Tribune App - Android The Tribune App - iOS Punjabi Tribune online Punjabi Tribune Epaper Punjabi Tribune App - Android Punjabi Tribune App - iOS Dainik Tribune online Dainik Tribune Epaper Dainik Tribune App - Android Dainik Tribune App - ios Subscribe Print Edition Contact Us About Us Code of Ethics Advertise with us Classifieds Quick Links Home India World Sport Business Features Diaspora Coronavirus Trending Latest News states Punjab Haryana Himachal J & K Uttarakhand Uttar Pradesh Rajasthan Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh Cities Amritsar Bathinda Chandigarh Delhi Jalandhar Ludhiana Patiala Shaharnama Opinion Editorials Comment Musings Letters to the Editor Tribune Defence Life Lifestyle Entertainment Movie Reviews Pollywood Arts Book Reviews Photo Gallery Move Ahead Jobs & Careers Health Schools Technology Code of Ethics Partner Exclusives Games Classified Brides wanted Grooms Wanted Property For Sale Situation Vacant Tolet Education other Classifieds Book Classifieds Remembering B N Goswamy Remembering Nehru Reach US About us Contact Us Subscribe Print Edition Advertisement PREMIUM Explainers Defence Photo Gallery Cricket Simply Punjab Simply Haryana Home / India / Air India crash’s prelim report to be out very soon: Aviation Minister Air India crash’s prelim report to be out very soon: Aviation Minister Ujwal Jalali Tribune News Service New Delhi, Updated At : 08:32 AM Jul 12, 2025 IST Follow us Connect with us Air India&#x27;s Boeing 787-8 aircraft operating flight AI 171 en route to London Gatwick crashed into a medical hostel complex soon after take-off from Ahmedabad on June 12. Reuters File Advertisement Civil Aviation Minister Ram Mohan Naidu on Friday said the preliminary report on the recent Air India crash is expected to be made public “very soon”, adding that the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) is actively working on it as per international norms. Advertisement “The report will be out very soon. AAIB is working on it. It is their responsibility, so let them do their job,” Naidu told mediapersons. He added that the Civil Aviation Ministry is ensuring full transparency and accountability in the matter. An Air India flight bound for London, carrying 242 passengers, crashed shortly after takeoff in a residential area of Ahmedabad on June 12, killing all but one passenger on board, while several lost their lives on the ground. Advertisement The preliminary report is expected to offer the first official clues as to what caused the aircraft to lose thrust just 30 seconds after takeoff. Naidu emphasised that the investigation is being conducted in line with international protocols and that all necessary procedures were being followed. The minister’s comments come amid growing public and media interest in the findings of the crash probe. Advertisement The Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) is leading the probe, with assistance from multiple agencies. Investigators have retrieved both the Cockpit Voice Recorder (CVR) and Flight Data Recorder (FDR), which are being examined for more definitive clues. Union Minister of State for Civil Aviation Murlidhar Mohol had earlier remarked that the incident was unprecedented. “It is unprecedented for both engines to shut down simultaneously. Only after the full investigation report is available will we know whether this was due to a technical malfunction, a fuel supply issue, or something else entirely,” Mohol had said recently in a programme. × Unlock Exclusive Insights with The Tribune Premium Take your experience further with Premium access. Thought-provoking Opinions, Expert Analysis, In-depth Insights and other Member Only Benefits Combo Yearly Monthly You are already Subscribed !! Already a Member? Sign In Now Advertisement Live Matches ❮ ❯ Tags : #AhmedabadAirCrash #AircraftAccident #AirIndiaCrash #AirIndiaLondonFlight #AirSafety #CivilAviation #FlightInvestigation #FlightSafetyInvestigation #PreliminaryReport AAIBReport Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement The Tribune, now published from Chandigarh, started publication on February 2, 1881, in Lahore (now in Pakistan). It was started by Sardar Dyal Singh Majithia, a public-spirited philanthropist, and is run by a trust comprising five eminent persons as trustees. The Tribune, the largest selling English daily in North India, publishes news and views without any bias or prejudice of any kind. Restraint and moderation, rather than agitational language and partisanship, are the hallmarks of the newspaper. It is an independent newspaper in the real sense of the term. The Tribune has two sister publications, Punjabi Tribune (in Punjabi) and Dainik Tribune (in Hindi). Remembering Sardar Dyal Singh Majithia Home India World Sports Business Features Archive States Punjab Heart of Punjab Haryana Heart of Haryana Himachal Pradesh Himachal Calling Jammu & Kashmir Uttarakhand Uttar Pradesh Rajasthan Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh Cities Amritsar Bathinda Chandigarh Delhi Jalandhar Ludhiana Patiala Shaharnama Opinion Editorials Comment musings Letters To The Editor Latest News Tribune Defence Life Lifestyle Entertainment Movie Reviews Pollywood Arts Book Reviews Photo Gallery Move Ahead Jobs & Careers Health Science & Technology Coronavirus Schools Partner Exclusives Games Classifieds Grooms Wanted property for sale Situation Vacant Tolet Education Other Classifieds Remembering B N Goswamy Remembering Nehru Reach us The Tribune Epaper The Tribune App - Android The Tribune App - iOS Punjabi Tribune online Punjabi Tribune Epaper Punjabi Tribune App - Android Punjabi Tribune App - iOS Dainik Tribune online Dainik Tribune Epaper Dainik Tribune App - Android Dainik Tribune App - ios Subscribe Print Edition Contact Us About Us Code of Ethics Copyright &copy; The Tribune Trust, 2024 Designed and developed by : Classifieds Videos Premium E-Paper Shorts

- Air India 787 Crash: What to Expect from the AAIB Preliminary Report? - Aviation A2Z: The Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) is set to release the preliminary findings into the Air India (AI) Boeing 787-8 crash that occurred on June 12. [https://aviationa2z.com/index.php/2025/07/11/air-india-787-crash-what-to-expect-from-preliminary-report/]
FULL CONTENT (7502 chars): Air India 787 Crash: What to Expect from the AAIB Preliminary Report? - Aviation A2Z Close Menu Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram AME AME Online Classes Concepts Module Notes Exam Updates Aviation Blogs News Pilot Corner About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Home » Air India 787 Crash: What to Expect from the AAIB Preliminary Report? Air India Air India 787 Crash: What to Expect from the AAIB Preliminary Report? The scale, aircraft type, and global attention surrounding the Ahmedabad crash distinguish it from any prior AAIB investigation. By Bhavya Velani July 11, 2025 4 Mins Read Share Facebook Twitter WhatsApp LinkedIn Telegram Reddit Copy Link Email Follow Us Google News Photo: Siddh Dhuri, Compounded by Aviation A2Z Share Facebook Twitter LinkedIn WhatsApp Telegram Reddit Email Copy Link DELHI— The Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) is set to release the preliminary findings into the Air India (AI) Boeing 787-8 crash that occurred on June 12. The aircraft, operating as flight AI171 from Ahmedabad (AMD) to London Gatwick (LGW), went down moments after take-off, killing 241 of the 242 passengers and crew on board, along with several people on the ground. This tragedy marks the deadliest Indian aviation accident in over 40 years and the first-ever fatal crash involving the Boeing 787 Dreamliner . Given its global significance, expectations are high regarding the scope and depth of the initial AAIB report. Advertisement Photo: PM Narendra Modi X Handle Air India 787 Crash Preliminary Report AAIB preliminary reports traditionally serve as factual overviews rather than conclusive analyses. Historically, these early documents outline basic details such as aircraft specifications, crew credentials, weather conditions, accident sequence, and the status of the investigation. They are generally 4–5 pages in length and divided into standard sections: general information, aircraft and crew data, accident description, wreckage analysis, and any initial safety recommendations. In past incidents, these reports have not offered firm conclusions or causal assessments. Instead, they have aimed to establish a documented trail of known events and facts surrounding the crash. However, given the unprecedented scale of the Ahmedabad disaster, this report may deviate from previous patterns in both depth and content, the Indian Express reported. Photo: Pexels and Compounded by Aviation A2Z Global Pressure for a Timely, Insightful Report The International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) recommends the release of a preliminary report within 30 days of an accident. While India is not legally required to meet this timeline, the AAIB is likely to comply, given global scrutiny and the public demand for transparency. Final reports usually follow within a year, but aviation experts caution against premature conclusions. Aircraft crash investigations are complex, often involving a cascade of technical and human factors. The absence of a clear primary trigger in this case only reinforces the need for a thorough, multi-layered probe. Photo: NTSB Structure and Contents of Past AAIB Preliminary Reports AAIB&#8217;s typical preliminary reports contain the following structured sections: General Information: Includes flight number, operator, aircraft registration, time/location of crash, and operational details. Aircraft Information: Details on aircraft age, certification, engine history, recent maintenance, and known issues. Crew Information: Pilots&#8217; licenses, medical fitness, endorsements, and flight experience, both total and on aircraft type. Aerodrome Information: Airport layout, ATC services, rescue/fire response readiness, and navigational aids. Weather Conditions: Meteorological reports and observations at the time of take-off and the accident. Accident Description: Step-by-step breakdown of flight events, cockpit communication, alarms, and procedural responses. Wreckage &amp; Impact Analysis: Observations from the crash site, nature of damage, and component condition. Evidence Collection: Items recovered—flight data recorders (FDR), cockpit voice recorders (CVR), surveillance footage, etc. Investigation Progress: Actions taken, data analyzed, and interviews conducted so far. Interim Recommendations (if any): Precautionary safety measures are advised before final report release. These sections aim to present an evidence-based account of the accident without drawing premature inferences. In some cases, they also include short-term recommendations to prevent potential risks during the ongoing investigation. Photo: PM Narendra Modi X Handle Why This Preliminary Report May Be Different The scale, aircraft type, and global attention surrounding the Ahmedabad crash distinguish it from any prior AAIB investigation. The sheer death toll, coupled with the fact that this is the first fatal crash of a Boeing 787, adds urgency and pressure on the agency to deliver clarity, even in the preliminary stages. While it may not deliver final answers, the report is expected to go beyond routine documentation. Insights into initial flight data, crew actions, and possible system anomalies could shape early narratives and guide global aviation safety protocols. Stay tuned with us. Further, follow us on social media for the latest updates. Join us on Telegram Group for the Latest Aviation Updates. Subsequently, follow us on Google News Singapore Airlines Responds to Air India Crash Criticism AAIB Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) Air India Air India 787 Air India News Air India Plane crash Follow on Google News Follow on Flipboard Share. Facebook Twitter WhatsApp LinkedIn Telegram Reddit Email Copy Link Previous Article Air Traffic Controllers (ATC) Salary Across the World in 2025 Next Article Air India Cancels All Flights to this European Airport Amid 787 Groundings Bhavya Velani Website X (Twitter) Instagram LinkedIn Bhavya Velani is the Founder of Aviation A2Z. Bhavya Started Aviation A2Z as a youtube channel and created unique and engaging content for Aviation Professionals. He is very passionate about Writing Aviation Blogs and creating content. Founded in 2018, Aviation A2Z has grown rapidly, with 1 Million Monthly visitors. Bhavya writes for Airways Magazine, AIRLIVE, AeroXplorer, Travel Radar and other global publications. Related Posts Air India Air India Replaced 787 Throttle Module Twice Before Crash Bhavya Velani July 14, 2025 Air India If Air India 787 Pilot Did Not Move Fuel Switches, Then Is it Boeing&#8217;s Fault? Bhavya Velani July 13, 2025 Airline News Sanjay Singh Leads Probes into Air India Crash Investigation Mahesh Darkunde July 12, 2025 Editor's Choice United Airlines Faces $75K Lawsuit from Johannesburg-Newark Flight Passenger July 14, 2025 Los Angeles Airport Complaints Spark $57,000 Per Home Spending July 14, 2025 Delta A330 Damaged, Flight Makes Emergency Landing in Barcelona July 14, 2025 Advertisement Aviation A2Z is one of the leading news and media publication company. We publish latest aviation news, exclusive blogs and more. Linkedin-in Instagram Twitter Facebook-f Latest Posts Turkish Airlines Flight to San Francisco with A350 Diverted to Chicago July 14, 2025 Akasa Air 737 MAX Hit By Cargo Truck at Mumbai Airport July 14, 2025 United Airlines Faces $75K Lawsuit from Johannesburg-Newark Flight Passenger July 14, 2025 Privacy Manager Copyright © 2024 Aviation A2Z Submit Type above and press Enter to search. Press Esc to cancel.

- [Article from seekingalpha.com]: [Content not accessible] [https://seekingalpha.com/article/4800178-archer-aviation-recent-flights-should-raise-questions]
FULL CONTENT (0 chars): [Content not accessible]

- Aviation regulator defends the safety of India’s skies following Air India crash: ‘India's skies have always been safe’, the country’s aviation regulator claims [https://nz.news.yahoo.com/aviation-regulator-defends-safety-india-113747168.html]
FULL CONTENT (9177 chars): Aviation regulator defends the safety of India’s skies following Air India crash HOME MAIL NEWS FINANCE SPORT LIFESTYLE MORE... Yahoo News Search query Sign in Mail Sign in to view your emails News World Sports Lifestyle Finance Weather &#8230; Advertisement Close this content Read full article The Independent Aviation regulator defends the safety of India’s skies following Air India crash Amelia Neath 9 July 2025 at 6:37 am &#183; 3-min read Link copied India’s aviation regulator has defended the safety of the country's skies after questions have been raised in the aftermath of the devastating Air India crash that killed approximately 275 people. Air India flight AI171 took off from Ahmedabad for a journey to London Gatwick on 12 June, yet only moments after takeoff, the Boeing 787crashed into a medical student accommodation. All but one of the 242 passengers on board died, with further casualties on the ground bringing the death toll to at least 275. As preliminary investigations into the crash start to wrap up, many are looking for answers on how safe flying is , particularly in India. ADVERTISEMENT Faiz Ahmed Kidwai, the chief of the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), India’s aviation safety regulator, has argued that despite the recent crash, flying in India is safe, in fact even more than in other parts of the world. "India's skies have always been safe - in the past and even today," Mr Kidwai said in an interview with the BBC . "If you look at global safety metrics, such as those published by the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO), external, which track the number of accidents per million flights, India consistently performs better than the world average," he said. "There were only two years within the 2010–2024 period where we exceeded the global average – those were the years when major accidents occurred." When asked if the Air India crash had damaged the reputation of flying in India in the immediate aftermath, the regulatory chief said its data does not back this up. ADVERTISEMENT "We looked at the data to assess whether it had any impact on domestic or international operations. There was no significant drop in traffic. At most, we observed a very marginal dip for a short period, affecting both domestic and international flights, along with a few cancellations," he told the BBC . "It's natural for people to feel anxious after such incidents. But over time, as more clarity emerges and the situation is better understood, that anxiety tends to subside. Time is a great healer." After the Air India crash, all eyes have been on India’s aviation sector , which has produced headlines about other incidents before and after the fatal crash on 12 June, such as SpiceJet, a low-budget Indian airline, being summoned by the regulator over not addressing the cause of turboprop propeller damage. Meanwhile, Air India Express was reprimanded by the regulator back in March for delaying engine part replacements on an Airbus A320 and falsifying records to show compliance. The airline acknowledged this error, and Mr Kidawi said that the case was brought forward in the first place through "self-reporting by the airline". ADVERTISEMENT Mr Kidawi explained to the news organisation that aviation regulation has been improving due to airlines self-reporting issues they have had. Indian domestic carriers have reported 2,461 technical faults since 2020, according to the federal civil aviation ministry data seen by the BBC. IndiGo accounts for over half (1,288), followed by SpiceJet with 633, then Air India and its subsidiary Air India Express with 389 cases as of January 2025. "Reporting of snags by airlines has gone up. This is good," Mr Kidwai said. "I wouldn't say I'm pleased about it. But I do see value in the growing culture of reporting [snags]. It's far better for every snag to be brought to the attention of the authorities than keeping quiet and operating the aircraft." Mr Kidwai said that due to the number of flights increasing, it's important to "see whether the turnaround time for flights is adequate for [maintenance] checks or not". For more travel news and advice, listen to Simon Calder’s podcast Latest stories Australian Associated Press Webb weaves magic to usher in golf golden generation The legendary Karrie Webb has been key in the surge of golf&#x27;s golden generation with Australian women dominating on the world stage like never before. Australian Associated Press Prop&#x27;s rise from scaffolder to Dolphins via Amsterdam Dolphins prop Aublix Tawha had given up on his NRL dream before a stint in Dutch rugby and a highlights clip of him playing for Yass changed his life. Australian Associated Press Boy getting brain scans after alleged plane hijack plan A 17-year-old boy is being assessed for a neurological condition after allegedly attempting to hijack a plane at one of Australia&#x27;s major regional airports. Australian Associated Press Latham labels ex&#x27;s alleged abuse claims &#x27;ridiculous&#x27; The ex-partner of former federal Labor leader Mark Latham has applied to a court for protection, but he denies serious claims aired in various news reports. Yahoo News Australia Photographer&#x27;s warning after encounter with rarely seen Australian animal in quiet creek Extraordinary photos capture a moment most people have never seen. See the pictures of the rarely spotted Aussie animal. Australian Associated Press Three years and counting: LA28 schedule unveiled On the day celebrating three years until the 2028 Olympics get underway, the official competition schedule, featuring some controversy, has been revealed in LA. Australian Associated Press Texas flood death toll rises to 131 as new storms loom Officials in Texas are keeping a wary eye on river levels after a forecast further heavy rain following deadly flooding in the US state. Australian Associated Press Marginal seat MP vows to beat back Liberal challenge An independent has vowed to defend her narrow election victory after the Liberal Party launched a challenge in the knife-edge seat. Australian Associated Press Boland the best in 100 years, but remains unlucky man Scott Boland can add a Test hat-trick to his incredible late-career surge, with the Victorian also holding a 100-year best in international cricket. Australian Associated Press Bet on Aussie super coach Cahill staying with Sinner Jannik Sinner has not just won Wimbledon but also a bet with his co-coach that could mean Darren Cahill does a U-turn over leaving the world No.1. Australian Associated Press Manny happy returns: Tim Tszyu reveals revenge mission Tim Tszyu admits he is obsessed with the prospect of gaining redemption with victory over American Sebastian Fundora in their world-title rematch in Las Vegas. Australian Associated Press Socceroos secure warm-up with second World Cup co-host The Socceroos&#x27; preparations for next year&#x27;s World Cup will continue with an international in the US, just days after taking on another co-host in Canada. Australian Associated Press Boland takes hat-trick as Australia destroy West Indies Scott Boland has taken a hat-trick and Mitchell Starc claimed five wickets in 15 balls as Australia bowled West Indies out for 27 to win the third Test. Australian Associated Press England edge Lord&#x27;s Test nail-biter against India England have taken a 2-1 lead in the Test series against India after winning a dramatic third Test at Lord&#x27;s by 22 runs after tea on the final day. Australian Associated Press Aussie duo miss podium in cruel Tour de France finish Australians Ben O&#x27;Connor and Michael Storer were in the key breakaway on stage 10, but ended empty-handed as Ben Healy took yellow and Simon Yates the stage. Australian Associated Press Staff accuse uni boards of toxic culture, being ignored The tertiary education union is calling for significant changes to staff representation on university boards, accusing them of silencing dissent. Australian Associated Press &#x27;It&#x27;s rife&#x27;: third of young workers report wage theft One in three young workers report being financially exploited across the economy and there are concerns the true number could be much higher. Australian Associated Press Blues on-baller to front tribunal after AFL crackdown Carlton on-baller Adam Cerra will front the tribunal after the AFL&#x27;s crackdown on umpire contact, while Brisbane&#x27;s Zac Bailey will challenge his one-game ban. Australian Associated Press Landmark case to test duty to future climate refugees Two Indigenous leaders will hear if a court decides the government has a legal duty to take more action on climate change to protect their homes. Australian Associated Press Parent slams system after accused abuser kept working A parent has expressed outrage after discovering an alleged sexual abuser continued working in child care despite previous misconduct claims. More stories Home World Sports Lifestyle Finance Weather Terms and Privacy Policy Your privacy choices Help Share your feedback About us About our ads Follow us on tumblr twitter facebook instagram Download our app © 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.

- The Future of Business Jets: Key Trends, Challenges and Opportunities for 2025 - Travel And Tour World: Explore the latest trends, challenges, and opportunities shaping the business jet market in 2025. Discover what lies ahead for private aviation [https://www.travelandtourworld.com/news/article/the-future-of-business-jets-key-trends-challenges-and-opportunities-for-2025/]
FULL CONTENT (17112 chars): The Future of Business Jets: Key Trends, Challenges and Opportunities for 2025 - Travel And Tour World Search for: Home &raquo; AIRLINE NEWS &raquo; The Future of Business Jets: Key Trends, Challenges and Opportunities for 2025 The Future of Business Jets: Key Trends, Challenges and Opportunities for 2025 Friday, July 4, 2025 As the global economy continues to recover and businesses seek more flexible and efficient travel options, the business jet market is witnessing significant growth. The demand for private air travel is surging, fueled by changing corporate travel needs, technological advancements, and shifting attitudes toward travel in the post-pandemic world. Business jets, once considered a luxury for only the wealthiest individuals and large corporations, are becoming increasingly accessible to a wider range of businesses and entrepreneurs. According to data from the International Air Transport Association (IATA) and various government bodies, the global business jet market is projected to continue expanding in the coming years, with a notable rise in both demand and innovation. However, this growth comes with its own set of strategic challenges, including regulatory pressures, environmental concerns, and the ongoing need for enhanced operational efficiency. Advertisement As we look ahead to 2025, it&rsquo;s essential to understand not only the emerging trends in the business jet market but also the challenges that the industry must navigate to maintain sustainable growth. This article explores the key trends shaping the business jet market, examines the strategic obstacles, and provides a future outlook for the industry. Emerging Trends in the Business Jet Market Post-Pandemic Surge in Demand The COVID-19 pandemic had a profound impact on the aviation industry, with commercial airlines suffering significant losses. However, the business jet market saw an unexpected surge in demand, as companies and individuals sought alternatives to crowded commercial flights. According to the UK&rsquo;s Department for Transport, the business aviation sector experienced a sharp rebound, driven by the increased need for private and flexible travel options. The flexibility of business jets allows companies to meet the demands of fast-paced business environments, particularly as remote work has become more prevalent and executives look for ways to maintain personal connections without the constraints of commercial airline schedules. The ability to fly to multiple destinations in a day and access airports that are not serviced by commercial airlines is a key advantage, especially in regions like Europe and North America where business connectivity is crucial. Technological Advancements in Aircraft Design One of the key drivers of the business jet market&rsquo;s growth is the ongoing innovation in aircraft design and technology. Manufacturers are investing heavily in developing more fuel-efficient, quieter, and environmentally friendly jets. The UK Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) and other regulatory bodies are closely monitoring these advancements to ensure that safety and environmental standards are met. In addition to fuel efficiency, the latest business jets come with state-of-the-art technology, including advanced avionics, improved cabin comfort, and better connectivity. These jets are increasingly equipped with high-speed internet, entertainment systems, and cutting-edge communication technologies, ensuring that passengers can remain productive and entertained while in the air. The push toward electric and hybrid-powered business jets is also gaining traction, with manufacturers such as Airbus and Embraer making strides in developing sustainable aircraft options. Growing Access to Private Jet Charters Historically, business jets were primarily the domain of large corporations and ultra-wealthy individuals. However, the rise of private jet charter services is democratizing access to these aircraft. Companies such as VistaJet , JetSuite , and Wheels Up offer on-demand charter services, allowing smaller companies and individual entrepreneurs to access private jets without the upfront investment in ownership. According to data from the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), the number of private jet flights has increased substantially due to the rise of fractional ownership and charter services. These services provide flexible options for businesses that need private air travel on a per-trip basis, making it a cost-effective solution for those who don&rsquo;t require a dedicated aircraft but still want the advantages of private aviation. Sustainability and Green Initiatives As environmental concerns continue to grow, sustainability is becoming an increasingly important issue in the business jet market. Governments and regulatory bodies around the world, including the European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA), are introducing stricter environmental standards for aviation. In response, the business jet industry is exploring a variety of green initiatives. From more fuel-efficient engines to sustainable aviation fuel (SAF), the industry is focused on reducing its carbon footprint. Aircraft manufacturers are working on technologies that promise to significantly reduce emissions, while companies in the business aviation sector are also exploring the use of hybrid-electric propulsion systems for future aircraft. The commitment to greener aviation is critical to ensuring the future of the industry, as consumers and companies are increasingly prioritizing sustainability in their purchasing decisions. Strategic Challenges Facing the Business Jet Market Regulatory Compliance and Airspace Management As the demand for business jets grows, so does the need for efficient airspace management. Regulatory challenges, such as the increasing complexity of airspace rules and regulations, are among the most significant obstacles faced by the business jet industry. According to the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) , governments around the world are working to streamline air traffic control systems to accommodate the rising number of private flights. However, navigating the regulatory environment can be a challenge, particularly when it comes to flight approvals, airspace congestion, and safety standards. This is particularly true in regions like Europe, where airspace is tightly regulated and the number of private flights is on the rise. Continued collaboration between governments and industry stakeholders will be crucial to ensuring that regulations are balanced with the growth of the sector. Rising Operational Costs While the demand for business jets continues to rise, so do operational costs. The price of jet fuel, maintenance, and crew services are all increasing, which can lead to higher costs for both jet owners and charter operators. The US Department of Transportation has highlighted that rising operational expenses are a significant concern for businesses operating in the aviation industry, as it impacts profitability. To mitigate these costs, companies are focusing on optimizing fleet utilization, reducing unnecessary downtime, and increasing fuel efficiency. Manufacturers are also working on innovations to reduce the cost of aircraft ownership, such as introducing more efficient maintenance schedules and offering longer service intervals for new jet models. Security Concerns Security remains a major concern for business jet travelers. While private aviation offers enhanced privacy and convenience, it also comes with its own set of security challenges. Ensuring the safety of passengers, cargo, and aircraft is a top priority for the business aviation sector. Regulatory bodies like the European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) are continually updating safety protocols for the industry. The Future Outlook for the Business Jet Market Looking ahead, the business jet market is expected to continue growing as more companies and individuals recognize the value of private air travel. The rise of on-demand charter services, coupled with the growing demand for luxury and efficient travel options, is set to drive the market&rsquo;s expansion in 2025 and beyond. The industry&rsquo;s focus on sustainability, innovation in aircraft design, and adapting to changing regulations will be crucial in shaping the future of business aviation. Additionally, as the technology behind hybrid-electric and fully electric aircraft matures, we can expect a shift toward more sustainable and affordable options for business travelers. Conclusion: The Future of Business Aviation in 2025 The business jet market in 2025 promises to be dynamic, with emerging trends like sustainability, advanced technology, and a growing demand for private air travel driving the sector forward. While challenges such as regulatory complexity, rising costs, and security concerns remain, the business aviation industry is well-positioned to adapt and thrive. Whether for corporate executives or entrepreneurs, private aviation offers unmatched flexibility, efficiency, and luxury, making it a crucial part of the future of air travel. As the industry continues to evolve, stakeholders will need to work closely with regulatory bodies to ensure that the growth of the business jet market is both sustainable and beneficial to all. Whether you&rsquo;re a frequent flyer or a first-time passenger, the future of business jets looks set to be more accessible, efficient, and environmentally friendly than ever before. Read More:- https://www.travelandtourworld.com/news/article/india-now-among-top-business-jet-travel-nations-in-asia-pacific-with-china-and-australia/ Advertisement Share On: Tags: business aviation , business jet , challenges business aviation , private jet Subscribe to our Newsletters Follow Travel And Tour World in Google News Read Magazine Online PARTNERS Subscribe to our Newsletters --Country-- Afghanistan &Aring;land Albania Algeria American Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia Botswana Bouvet Brazil British Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Cayman Central Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Costa Cote Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Ecuador Egypt El Equatorial Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Faroe Fiji Finland France French French French Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe --Select Industry -- Tourism Organisation Destination Management Company Tour Operators E-booking portals Travel Association Business Travel Consultants Travel Technology Travel Event Organiser Hotel Groups Airlines Cruise Lines Others I want to receive travel news and trade event update from Travel And Tour World. I have read Travel And Tour World's Privacy Notice . Search from Google REGIONAL NEWS Europe Italy, Spain, Portugal, France, Sweden, Benelux, and Portugal Unlock the Best of Tuesday, July 15, 2025 US Congress Members Now Call for Repeal of Airline Refund Rule: Here’s How Tuesday, July 15, 2025 America US Gambling New Tax Changes: UK and International Travelers Need to Know Before Tuesday, July 15, 2025 Northern Israel, Gaza and West Bank Are in US Do Not Travel List Like Lebanon, V Tuesday, July 15, 2025 Middle East UAE-To-China Travel Gets Easier With Revamped Visa Application System, What Ever Tuesday, July 15, 2025 Wizz Air Makes Bold Exit from Abu Dhabi as Geopolitical Turmoil and Heat-Stricke Monday, July 14, 2025 Asia Nepal Makes a Bold Move in New York to Attract US Travelers with a Dynamic Touri Tuesday, July 15, 2025 Now, Tibet Alongside Vietnam, Africa, Nepal, Japan, US, Spain, and T&uuml;rkiye Sees Tuesday, July 15, 2025 A Venture of Keshan Infotech Pvt. Ltd. Useful Links: About Us RSS Feeds Links Magazines List Your Event Contact Us 104 Language Platform Privacy Policy Continents News Asia Travel News Africa Travel News Americas Travel News Europe Travel News Middle East Travel News Australia Travel News Quick Contact: [email&#160;protected] Follow us: Copyright &copy; Travel And Tour World - All Rights Reserved We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking &ldquo;Accept&rdquo;, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Do not sell my personal information . Settings Accept Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security featu

---

TOPIC: Sports News and Events

LIVE SEARCH SUMMARY:
{
  "stories": [
    {
      "headline": "Brighton’s Welbeck Scores Four Goals in Recent Match",
      "engagement_total": 6200,
      "x_posts": ["https://x.com/FantasyFootyHub/status/1812745298792640512"],
      "supporting_articles": []
    }
  ]
}

X POSTS FROM SEARCH (0):
None found

SUPPORTING ARTICLES (0):
None found

---

TOPIC: Legal Issues and Arrests

LIVE SEARCH SUMMARY:
{
  "stories": [
    {
      "headline": "ICE Arrests 1,361 Individuals with Serious Criminal Convictions in Houston Operation",
      "engagement_total": 12500,
      "x_posts": [
        "https://x.com/FoxNews/status/1812958473928478723"
      ],
      "supporting_articles": [
        "https://www.foxnews.com/us/ice-removes-airplane-hijacker-among-1361-violent-criminals-houston-sweep"
      ]
    },
    {
      "headline": "Mid-Hudson Valley Arrests Reported on July 14, 2025, Including Drug Charges",
      "engagement_total": 3200,
      "x_posts": [
        "https://x.com/DailyFreeman/status/1812931245783920641"
      ],
      "supporting_articles": [
        "https://www.dailyfreeman.com/2025/07/14/mid-hudson-valley-arrests-report-july-14-2025/"
      ]
    },
    {
      "headline": "Circleville Police Report Multiple Arrests and Incidents Over Weekend of July 11-13, 2025",
      "engagement_total": 1800,
      "x_posts": [
        "https://x.com/SciotoPost/status/1812908573928478

X POSTS FROM SEARCH (0):
None found

SUPPORTING ARTICLES (7):
- Mid-Hudson Valley arrests report: July 14, 2025 – Daily Freeman: The following items are based on information provided by officials in law enforcement and the criminal justice system. Any person(s) charged with an offense or offenses are presumed innocent until … [https://www.dailyfreeman.com/2025/07/14/mid-hudson-valley-arrests-report-july-14-2025/]
FULL CONTENT (4349 chars): Mid-Hudson Valley arrests report: July 14, 2025 &#8211; Daily Freeman Skip to content All Sections Subscribe Now 70&deg;F Monday, July 14th 2025 E-Edition Home Page News News Local News National News Election Health Crime and Public Safety Business Traffic Gas Buddy Best Reviews World News Sports Things to Do Things to Do TV Listings Comics Puzzles Special Sections Events Obituaries Obituaries News Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Branded Content Paid Content by Brandpoint Marketplace Jobs Classifieds Public Notices Services Contact Us Advertise With Us Submit Announcements Submit a Letter to the Editor Promotions Subscribe Log in Logout Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Crime and Public Safety | Mid-Hudson Valley arrests report: July 14, 2025 Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Facebook Click to share on X (Opens in new window) X Subscribe Log in Account Settings Contact Us Log Out Spoof a user Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Subscribe Log in Search 70&deg;F Monday, July 14th 2025 E-Edition Crime and Public Safety Local Nation Election Crime Traffic Gas Buddy TRENDING: 🏬 Pike Plan Housing Marijuana 💡Central Hudson⚡ The Kingstonian Breaking News Saugerties police officer charged with rape, other felonies July 14, 2025 at 8:59 pm News Crime and Public Safety Mid-Hudson Valley arrests report: July 14, 2025 Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Facebook Click to share on X (Opens in new window) X An illustration of a vehicle being pulled over by Saugerties police. Photo taken April 14, 2023. (Tania Barricklo/Daily Freeman) By Daily Freeman UPDATED: July 14, 2025 at 5:35 PM EDT The following items are based on information provided by officials in law enforcement and the criminal justice system. Any person(s) charged with an offense or offenses are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. Kingston Drugs: Joseph Edward White, 30, address not provided, was arrested at HealthAlliance Hospital, Mary&#8217;s Avenue, at 6:15 [&hellip;] Subscribe to continue reading this article. Already subscribed? To log in, click here. Originally Published: July 14, 2025 at 5:32 PM EDT Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Facebook Click to share on X (Opens in new window) X RevContent Feed Most Popular Most Popular Saugerties police officer charged with rape, other felonies Saugerties police officer charged with rape, other felonies Hyde Park man allegedly stole over $405k from town of Wallkill as a state auditor Hyde Park man allegedly stole over $405k from town of Wallkill as a state auditor Saugerties man hurt in Catskill motorcycle crash Saugerties man hurt in Catskill motorcycle crash Car hits Rip Van Winkle tour boat, injuring 2, police say Car hits Rip Van Winkle tour boat, injuring 2, police say Photos: Sawyer Motors Car Show in Saugerties Photos: Sawyer Motors Car Show in Saugerties Mid-Hudson Valley arrests report: July 13, 2025 Mid-Hudson Valley arrests report: July 13, 2025 Hurley woman charged in animal cruelty case pleads guilty Hurley woman charged in animal cruelty case pleads guilty Red Cross assists five after house fire in Kingston Red Cross assists five after house fire in Kingston Sawyer Motors Car Show draws a crowd to Saugerties Sawyer Motors Car Show draws a crowd to Saugerties Sawyer Motors Car Show cruises into Saugerties on July 13 Sawyer Motors Car Show cruises into Saugerties on July 13 More in Crime and Public Safety Saugerties police officer charged with rape, other felonies Ulster County Clerk rejects second Texas filing against New Paltz doctor in abortion case Hurley woman charged in animal cruelty case pleads guilty Cooling centers in Kingston, Ellenville to open starting July 15 2025 July 14 Subscribe Sign Up For Newsletters E-Edition About Us Contact Us Work With Us Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap Advertise With Us MediaNews Group Advertising Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Public Notices Subscriber Services iOS App Android App Jobs Submit News Oneida Daily Dispatch Saratogian Troy Record Subscribe Now Terms of Use Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences California Notice at Collection Notice of Financial Incentive Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information Arbitration MediaNews Group Powered by WordPress.com VIP Copyright &copy; 2025 MediaNews Group Close

- Official Govt & Legal Notices For July 14 2025 - Bernews: The official Government and Legal notices for today [July 14] include acting appointments and boards appointments. Commissioner Of Education Notice type: Government Notice Notice sub type: Acting Appointments Notice ID: GN0697/2025 Public Authorities / Department: Department of Education Publication date: 14 July, 2025 Government Notice No. Acting Appointment Commissoner Of Education Department Of Education Dr. … [https://bernews.com/2025/07/official-govt-legal-notices-july-14-2025]
FULL CONTENT (13704 chars): Official Govt &amp; Legal Notices For July 14 2025 - Bernews Tuesday, July 15, 2025 Sunrise 6:23 am Sunset 8:27 pm Home Advertise Contact About Privacy Policy Comment Guidelines Subscribe Email Newsletters RSS Category Feeds Bernews Twitter Bernews Facebook Bernews Instagram Bernews LinkedIn Bernews YouTube Bernews Threads Bernews Chrome Extension BDADay.com ForeverBermuda.com BermudaElection.com Bernews.TV All Business Banks Technology Re/insurance Business Executives Mergers/Acquisitions Bermuda Stock Exchange Crime Murders Drunk Driving Court Reports Sexual Assault Armed Robberies Firearm Incidents Money Laundering International Crime Entertainment History Actors &#038; Theatre Art &#038; Artists Art Photo Galleries Books &#038; Authors Cooking &#038; Dining Films &#038; Movies Music &#038; Singers News Accidents/Fires Award Winners Education Health Politics Real Estate Tourism Weather Sports All Sports Sub-Categories Sports Videos Sports Photos Style Hairstyles Fashion Shows Style Photos Style Videos Tech Obituaries Photos Accidents/Fires Airplanes Beauty/Fashion Cars/Bikes Community Marine Parades Sports Videos Bernews.TV 2025 Island Games Official Govt &#038; Legal Notices For July 14 2025 July 14, 2025 | 0 Comments The official Government and Legal notices for today [July 14] include acting appointments and boards appointments. Commissioner Of Education Notice type: Government Notice Notice sub type: Acting Appointments Notice ID: GN0697/2025 Public Authorities / Department: Department of Education Publication date: 14 July, 2025 Government Notice No. Acting Appointment Commissoner Of Education Department Of Education Dr. Llewellyn Simmons, Director of Academics for the Department of Education, has been appointed to act as Commissioner of Education from 16 July 2025 – 23 July 2025 Cherie Whitter Head of the Public Service Commissioner Of Education Notice type: Government Notice Notice sub type: Acting Appointments Notice ID: GN0696/2025 Public Authorities / Department: Department of Education Publication date: 14 July, 2025 Government Notice No. Acting Appointment Commissoner Of Education Department Of Education Mrs. Terry Cox, Assistant Director of Educational Standards and Accountability for the Department of Education, has been appointed to act as Commissioner of Education from 16 – 23 July 2025 Cherie Whitter Head of the Public Service Director Department Of Health Notice type: Government Notice Notice sub type: Acting Appointments Notice ID: GN0695/2025 Public Authorities / Department: Health Department Publication date: 14 July, 2025 Government Notice No. Acting Appointment Director, Department Of Health Ministry Of Health Teresa Woolridge, Coordinator, OT/PT, has been appointed to act as Director, Department of Health from the 28th July 2025 to 11th August 2025 inclusive. Cherie-lynn Whitter Head of the Public Service Parliamentary Registrar Notice type: Government Notice Notice sub type: Acting Appointments Notice ID: GN0694/2025 Public Authorities / Department: Parliamentary Registry Office Publication date: 14 July, 2025 Acting Appointment Notice Parliamentary Registrar The Governor is pleased to appoint Mr. Michael A. C. Smith, Assistant Parliamentary Registrar to act as the Parliamentary Registrar for the period July 18th – 25th inclusive. Mr. Andrew Murdoch Governor Board Appointments Disability Advisory Council Notice type: Government Notice Notice sub type: Boards Appointments Notice ID: GN0693/2025 Public Authorities / Department: Ministry Level Publication date: 14 July, 2025 The Minister of Youth Social Development and Seniors is pleased to make the following appointments. Disability Advisory Council Advisory Body Chairman &#8211; Mrs. Sacha Richardson Deputy Chairman &#8211; Mr. Dejon Simons Mrs. Heather Outerbridge Mrs. Lisa Davis Mrs. Ralda Jones Ms. Chanel Fubler Ms. Esme Williams Ms. Suzanne DeCouto Ms. Tia Kipps Ms. T&#8217;Neil Dickinson Ms. Vanessa Taylor Magistrate &amp; Coroner Notice type: Government Notice Notice sub type: Acting Appointments Notice ID: GN0692/2025 Public Authorities / Department: The Judiciary Publication date: 14 July, 2025 Government Notice No. _______ Acting Appointment Judicial Department The Governor, after consultation with the Chief Justice, has approved the appointment of the following Barrister and Attorney to act as a Magistrate &amp; Coroner: -Ms. Cristen Suess- 14th of July 2025 Dated this 14th day of July 2025 Deputy Governor Dave Morgan The official notices above have been republished from the relevant section on the official Government website. If you wish to view &#8216;hard copies&#8217;, the Department of Libraries &amp; Archives prints them and you can visit the main library on Queen Street or the Government Archives in the Government Administration Building on Parliament Street to view them. Related Stories Official Govt &#038; Legal Notices For July 11 2025 Official Govt &#038; Legal Notices For July 10 2025 Official Govt &#038; Legal Notices For July 9 2025 Official Govt &#038; Legal Notices For July 7 2025 Official Govt &#038; Legal Notices For July 4 2025 Official Govt &#038; Legal Notices For July 3 2025 Read More About #OfficialNotices Category : All Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name ( required ) Email ( required; will not be published ) Website XHTML: You can use these tags: &lt;a href=&quot;&quot; title=&quot;&quot;&gt; &lt;abbr title=&quot;&quot;&gt; &lt;acronym title=&quot;&quot;&gt; &lt;b&gt; &lt;blockquote cite=&quot;&quot;&gt; &lt;cite&gt; &lt;code&gt; &lt;del datetime=&quot;&quot;&gt; &lt;em&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;q cite=&quot;&quot;&gt; &lt;strike&gt; &lt;strong&gt; --> &laquo; Ex-Artillerymen’s Donates $1K To Charity Videos: Island Games Day Two Wrap-Up &raquo; Latest Most Comments Latest Comments Archives Column: Chris Famous On CARICOM Police Urge &#8216;Greater Care &#038; Caution&#8217; On Roads 17 Students Complete &#8216;She Leads&#8217; Programme New Paving Equipment In Use In St. George’s Videos: Island Games Day Two Wrap-Up Official Govt &#038; Legal Notices For July 14 2025 Ex-Artillerymen’s Donates $1K To Charity Butterfield Bermuda Launches Volunteer Program Hill Appointed To Treatment Of Offenders Board BPS Extend Sports Card Collection Deadline Survey On National Entrepreneurship Strategy Cricket: Premier &#038; First Division Results Pink Route Ferry Suspended For Two W&hellip; (11) Albuoy’s Point Restrooms Closed Af&hellip; (7) OBA&#8217;s De Couto On Pink Ferry &&hellip; (5) &#8216;Florenz Webbe Maxwell Youth L&hellip; (3) BermudAir Promotes Four Staff Member&hellip; (3) &#8216;Pink Cocaine&#8217; Intercept&hellip; (3) BHB Staff Collect More Than 6 Tons O&hellip; (3) Three Vehicle Collision In Devonshir&hellip; (3) Sir John Swan Celebrates 90th Birthd&hellip; (2) Mikaela Ian Pearman At 2025 Black Tr&hellip; (2) Royal Bermuda Regiment Launches Recr&hellip; (2) Column: Williams On CURB, Racism &#0&hellip; (2) Joe Bloggs: "I extend a direct invitation to all Bermudians who are key stakeholders in our entrepreneurial ecos Joe Bloggs: Go Bermuda! Safiya Dyer: Wishing the Bermy Bouncers great success as they represent Bermuda on an international stage! I’m th FoodHub HR: Update - to access jobs either: 1) go to www.FoodHub.bm then click jobs, or 2) use this link: http Joe Bloggs: More regulations that will not be enforced. But the PLP Government is doing something! Sandman: those Hilarious: There is no shortage of BPS personnel and reserves. But there is shortage of management organization Archives: Select Month July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 November 2024 October 2024 September 2024 August 2024 July 2024 June 2024 May 2024 April 2024 March 2024 February 2024 January 2024 December 2023 November 2023 October 2023 September 2023 August 2023 July 2023 June 2023 May 2023 April 2023 March 2023 February 2023 January 2023 December 2022 November 2022 October 2022 September 2022 August 2022 July 2022 June 2022 May 2022 April 2022 March 2022 February 2022 January 2022 December 2021 November 2021 October 2021 September 2021 August 2021 July 2021 June 2021 May 2021 April 2021 March 2021 February 2021 January 2021 December 2020 November 2020 October 2020 September 2020 August 2020 July 2020 June 2020 May 2020 April 2020 March 2020 February 2020 January 2020 December 2019 November 2019 October 2019 September 2019 August 2019 July 2019 June 2019 May 2019 April 2019 March 2019 February 2019 January 2019 December 2018 November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 Categories: Select Category Accidents and fires&nbsp;&nbsp;(3181) All&nbsp;&nbsp;(124958) Business&nbsp;&nbsp;(23589) Correction&nbsp;&nbsp;(1) Crime&nbsp;&nbsp;(5886) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Court Reports&nbsp;&nbsp;(2366) Entertainment&nbsp;&nbsp;(9848) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Films/Movies&nbsp;&nbsp;(930) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Music&nbsp;&nbsp;(1761) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Style &amp; Beauty&nbsp;&nbsp;(840) Environment&nbsp;&nbsp;(3197) History&nbsp;&nbsp;(1080) News&nbsp;&nbsp;(51986) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Podcasts&nbsp;&nbsp;(36) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Politics&nbsp;&nbsp;(6783) Photos&nbsp;&nbsp;(7317) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;#Animal&nbsp;&nbsp;(79) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Accidents/Fires&nbsp;&nbsp;(144) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Airport/Planes&nbsp;&nbsp;(86) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Art&nbsp;&nbsp;(140) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Beauty/Fashion&nbsp;&nbsp;(203) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Cars/Bikes&nbsp;&nbsp;(97) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Community&nbsp;&nbsp;(823) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Environment&nbsp;&nbsp;(128) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Marine&nbsp;&nbsp;(239) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Most Popular&nbsp;&nbsp;(78) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;News&nbsp;&nbsp;(205) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Parades&nbsp;&nbsp;(165) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Politics&nbsp;&nbsp;(120) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Sports&nbsp;&nbsp;(2304) Sports&nbsp;&nbsp;(31959) technology&nbsp;&nbsp;(3686) Videos&nbsp;&nbsp;(12190) Tags: Select a Tag #BermudaBusiness (20126) #GoodNews (16426) #BermudaPolitics (10786) #BermudaFootball (6491) #Weather (5799) #Health (4791) #Education (4683) #CharityEvents (4436) #BSX (3153) #CrimeInBermuda (2899) #Covid19 (2828) #BermudaSailing (2748) #BermudaTourism (2693) #BermudaMarine (2662) #BermudaInsurance (2534) #BermudaCricket (2456) #Newsflash (2445) #MagistratesAndSupremeCourt (2444) #BusinessExecutives (2121) #SportsPhotos (2104) #BBCNews (2082) #ZBMNewscast (2050) #BermudaPolice (1956) #BermudaTrackAndField (1834) #Collision (1805) #OpinionColumns (1794) #BermudaGovernment (1698) #BermudaGolf (1676) #BusService (1608) #Music (1593) #OfficialNotices (1582) #Artists (1545) #AwardWinners (1502) #BermudianMedia (1495) #BermudianChildren (1493) #Christmas (1404) #BermudaRoadRunning (1329) #StephenWrightReports (1324) #BermudaCycling (1313) #Swimming (1272) #Traffic (1205) #BermudaTeens (1185) #Tennis (1151) #SportsVideos (1139) #BermudaHistory (1099) #Equestrian (1075) #Triathlon (1042) #Airport (997) #SeminarsInBermuda (982) #Cuisine (982) #Bowling (966) #AmericasCup (949) #MilitaryAndRegiment (921) #UnitedKingdom (920) #StGeorges (903) #Shootings (865) #WomensFootball (853) #CupMatch (852) #Animal (820) #BermudaRugby (820) #WorldNews (806) #BermudaBooks (804) #HotelNews (795) #CollegeScholarships (771) #BermudaHospitals (761) #Unions (759) #CorporationOfHamilton (752) #BermudaBanks (744) #Airlines (715) #FaithAndReligion (699) #Lawyer (692) #BELCO (686) #EmploymentInBermuda (684) #BermudaElections (658) #Construction (652) #AmericanRelations (634) #Fires (622) #BermudaBasketball (616) #Murders (602) #OilAndEnergy (600) #BermudaCruises (596) #Squash (594) #CaribbeanRelations (590) #May24thHoliday (588) #Film (581) #DonBurgessReports (577) #Netball (574) #BermudaRealEstate (574) #BankOfButterfield (564) #NahkiWells (560) #BermudianSingers (557) #GNEdition (542) #FullLengthMovies (528) #FatalAccidents (527) #PLP (524) #FairmontHamiltonPrincess (494) #BermudaHockey (490) #DrunkDriving (480) #BallHockey (467) #Electricity (462) Join Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter/X Subscribe To Our RSS Feeds Follow Us On Instagram Contact Us/Submit News Advertise With Bernews Join Us On LinkedIn Bernews TV Bernews Obituaries Daily Email Headlines Visit BermudaCovers.com Privacy Policy Bernews &copy; 2025 Bernews. All rights reserved. To contact us, please email info@bernews.com . Using this website signifies that you agree with our privacy policy . If you do not agree, please do not access or use this website or any of the websites in our network.

- Arrests and Incidents reported July 14, 2025 - The Cullman Tribune: Arrests and Incidents reported July 14, 2025 - The Cullman Tribune - Crime [https://www.cullmantribune.com/2025/07/14/arrests-and-incidents-reported-july-14-2025/]
FULL CONTENT (9435 chars): Arrests and Incidents reported July 14, 2025 - The Cullman Tribune Facebook Instagram Twitter News Agriculture Alabama Press Association Breaking Business Community Note Consumer Courts Crime Economic Development Emergency Responders Environment Feature Health Home Industry Local Local Local Government National Neighboring Communities Outdoors Politics State Weather Sports Addison Cold Springs College Cullman Cullman Christian Fairview Good Hope Hanceville Holly Pond Local Sports Meek Outdoors Professional St. Bernard Prep Swimming Vinemont Wallace State West Point Winston County Education Cullman Christian School Cullman City Schools Cullman County Schools Homeschool Sacred Heart St. Bernard Prep St. Paul&#8217;s Vinemont Christian Academy Wallace State Obituaries Opinion Calendar Legals About Us Search SUBSCRIBE 84.8 F Cullman Monday, July 14, 2025 Facebook Instagram Twitter Search News All Agriculture Alabama Press Association Breaking Business Local Gudger announces $24K in grant funding for Gold Ridge community Crime Arrests and Incidents reported July 14, 2025 Cullman County Schools CCBOE adding 5 First-Class Pre-K classrooms this fall Guest Column COLUMN: We made it to North Dakota Sports All Addison Cold Springs College Cullman Holly Pond Holly Pond&#8217;s Figueroa makes Adaptive Nationals debut Local West Point Baseball to host 7th Annual 4-Man Scramble Golf Tournament – July 26 Local Cullman Swim Team caps regular season at Madison Local Thirty-One North Football Officials Association seeks new recruits ahead of upcoming season – meetings begin today Education All Cullman Christian School Cullman City Schools Cullman County Schools Homeschool Cullman County Schools CCBOE adding 5 First-Class Pre-K classrooms this fall Education Wallace State brings home gold and bronze from SkillsUSA competition Education Wallace State receives $2.5M for renovation, construction projects Education Wallace State to host free digital literacy course aimed at helping adults catch up with technology &#8211; starting July 29 Obituaries Opinion Calendar Legals About Us More Home News Crime Arrests and Incidents reported July 14, 2025 News Crime Feature Arrests and Incidents reported July 14, 2025 By: Gauge Day July 14, 2025 0 821 Share Facebook Twitter Pinterest old grey metal door with bars CULLMAN, Ala. &nbsp;– Below are the arrests and incidents reported July 14, 2025. All persons are innocent until proven guilty. GJ = grand jury; FTA = failure to appear Cullman County Sheriff’s Office Incidents July 10 violation of domestic violence protection order; CR 458 reckless endangerment; CR 1246 harassment; CR 403 harassment; criminal mischief; Hwy. 278E theft of property; CR 1652 harassing communications; 9 th St. SE Garden City July 11 giving false name to law enforcement officer; CR 1755 possession of marijuana; possession of drug paraphernalia; Wesley Ave. N domestic violence; CR 1272 menacing; CR 109 harassing communications; CR 1492 harassment; 2 nd Ave. SW theft of property; CR 1431 possession of dangerous drugs; possession of drug paraphernalia; CR 1616 July 12 domestic violence; CR 1150 theft of property; CR 369 possession of dangerous drugs; possession of drug paraphernalia; 1 st Ave. NW July 13 domestic violence; CR 1175 theft of property; Julia Ln. Arrests July 10 – July 13 Anderson, Candice M.; 39 FTA – negotiating worthless instrument Baker, Frank R.; 50 FTA – possession of marijuana-2 nd degree FTA – violation of a domestic violence protection order Bullard, Eric M.; 31 PROBATION REVOKED – escape Carnes, Reese I.; 23 public intoxication escape Christiansen, Krystle L.; 39 possession of methamphetamine possession of drug paraphernalia Cole, Brandon R.; 39 FTA – driving while license suspended Dennis, Treasure L.; 35 FTA – robbery-residence-strong arm Downing, Thomas B.; 59 PROBATION VIOLATION – possession of dangerous drugs Elliott, Robbie C.; 70 family offense-endangering welfare of child Fortenberry, Stephen B.; 40 FTA – conservation-fish Holder, Donald W.; 57 FTA – possession of dangerous drugs Johnson, Bama N.; 54 FTA – possession of dangerous drugs FTA – possession of marijuana-2 nd degree FTA – possession of drug paraphernalia Kidd, Brittany J.; 42 family offense-causing of delinquency, dependency or need of supervision of children Kidd, Derek L.; 42 family offense-causing of delinquency, dependency or need of supervision of children Kitts, Kyle A.; 24 assault-harassment (harassment/intimidation) Leeth, Joshua R.; 29 criminal trespass Manuel, Jacie V.; 33 illegal possession of prescription drugs weapons-carrying brass knuckles/sling shot possession of drug paraphernalia Mauldin, Matthew T.; 35 possession of marijuana-2 nd degree possession of drug paraphernalia Pamplin, Kevin T.; 41 FTA – possession of dangerous drugs FTA – possession of marijuana-2 nd degree FTA – possession of drug paraphernalia Ramos, Jose A.; 60 possession of cocaine Stewart, James A.; 39 FTA – driving while suspended, revoked or canceled FTA – retail theft-2 nd degree Tolbert, Willie J.; 43 assault-domestic-menacing-gun Whitehead, April R.; 53 FTA – possession of dangerous drugs FTA – illegal possession of prescription drugs Cullman Police Department Incidents July 11 harassment; person; 13 th St. NE theft of property-4 th degree; Wal-Mart; general merchandise; $47; Olive St. SW July 12 retail theft of property-2 nd degree; Wal-Mart; slushie machines; $598; Hwy. 157 domestic violence-3 rd degree; person; Hoeppner Ln. NE theft of property-4 th degree; Wal-Mart; cards; $50; Olive St. SW domestic violence-3 rd degree – harassment; person; Marktplatz Ctr. SW July 13 duty upon striking unattended vehicle; person; damage to ’16 Nissan Altima; $1,000; Olive St. SW duty upon striking unattended vehicle; person; damage to ’11 Hyundai Sonata; $500; Olive St. SW Arrests July 11 – July 13 Stewart, James A.; 39 FTA – improper lights FTA – speeding FTA – switched tag FTA – driving without license FTA – insurance violation FTA – driving while revoked Al-Dijalli, Michael H.; 28 theft of property-4 th degree Hanna, Amiyah B.; 21 FTA – resisting arrest FTA – stalking-2 nd degree FTA – harassment FTA – criminal trespass-3 rd degree Clark, Bettye G.; 65 retail theft of property-2 nd degree Antonio, Steven R.; 45 theft of property-4 th degree Bauernfeind, Daina E.; 28 DUI Johnson, Jordan A.; 30 FTA – theft of property-4 th degree Smith, Mason C.; 25 DUI Hanceville Police Department Incidents and arrests reported by CCSO. Find arrest reports online Monday-Friday at&nbsp; www.CullmanTribune.com . TAGS Arrest Report Crime Featured News Share Facebook Twitter Pinterest Previous article CCBOE adding 5 First-Class Pre-K classrooms this fall Next article Obituary: Gregory Dion Graves Gauge Day RELATED ARTICLES MORE FROM AUTHOR Local Gudger announces $24K in grant funding for Gold Ridge community Cullman County Schools CCBOE adding 5 First-Class Pre-K classrooms this fall Guest Column COLUMN: We made it to North Dakota Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Log in to leave a comment &copy; Humble Roots LLC 2025 Facebook Instagram Twitter POPULAR POSTS Art and Wine Made the Crowd Feel Fine December 10, 2014 Business -almost- as usual June 5, 2020 SPORTS COLUMN: A calm week 8 of college football turns chaotic October 26, 2021 POPULAR CATEGORY News 22606 Local 12859 Obituaries 8359 Sports 5183 Local 3102 Crime 2890 Education 2759 Cullman 1205 Lifestyle 1198 News All Agriculture Alabama Press Association Breaking Business Community Note Consumer Courts Crime Economic Development Emergency Responders Environment Feature Health Home Industry Local Local Local Government National Neighboring Communities Outdoors Politics State Weather Local Gudger announces $24K in grant funding for Gold Ridge community Crime Arrests and Incidents reported July 14, 2025 Cullman County Schools CCBOE adding 5 First-Class Pre-K classrooms this fall Guest Column COLUMN: We made it to North Dakota Sports All Addison Cold Springs College Cullman Cullman Christian Fairview Good Hope Hanceville Holly Pond Local Sports Meek Outdoors Professional St. Bernard Prep Swimming Vinemont Wallace State West Point Winston County Holly Pond Holly Pond&#8217;s Figueroa makes Adaptive Nationals debut Local West Point Baseball to host 7th Annual 4-Man Scramble Golf Tournament&#8230; Local Cullman Swim Team caps regular season at Madison Local Thirty-One North Football Officials Association seeks new recruits ahead of upcoming&#8230; Education All Cullman Christian School Cullman City Schools Cullman County Schools Homeschool Sacred Heart St. Bernard Prep St. Paul&#8217;s Vinemont Christian Academy Wallace State Cullman County Schools CCBOE adding 5 First-Class Pre-K classrooms this fall Education Wallace State brings home gold and bronze from SkillsUSA competition Education Wallace State receives $2.5M for renovation, construction projects Education Wallace State to host free digital literacy course aimed at helping&#8230; Obituaries Opinion Calendar Legals About Us &copy; Humble Roots LLC 2025 MORE STORIES Obituary: Annie Irene Graham July 14, 2025 Obituary: Kenneth Arch Glasscock July 14, 2025 Obituary: Onzelle [Dale] Hays Duren July 14, 2025 Obituary: Lisa Ann Sandlin July 14, 2025

- 
	Top news of the day | July 14, 2025 - The Hindu
: Indian astronaut returns from ISS, India-China de-escalation, SC on social media posts, government efforts to save nurse, protests in Odisha. [https://thehindu.com/news/national/top-news-of-the-day-july-14-2025/article69811019.ece]
FULL CONTENT (10842 chars): Top news of the day | July 14, 2025 - The Hindu July 14, 2025 e-Paper LOGIN Account eBooks Subscribe GIFT FRONT PAGE Search Live Now News SECTION News India World States Cities TOPICS Ground Zero Spotlight NEWSLETTER The View From India Looking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective. SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS States Cities Entertainment SECTION Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre NEWSLETTER First Day First Show News and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming. SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS Opinion SECTION Opinion Editorial Cartoon Columns Comment Interview Lead Letters Open Page Corrections &amp; Clarifications Business SECTION Business Agri-Business Economy Industry Markets Budget Sport SECTION Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports TOPICS Between Wickets Technology SECTION Technology Gadgets Internet NEWSLETTER Today&#039;s Cache Your download of the top 5 technology stories of the day. SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS Science SECTION Science TOPICS ISRO Question Corner NEWSLETTER Science For All The weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in! SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS Data SECTION Data TOPICS Data Point Podcast NEWSLETTER Data Point Decoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS Education SECTION Education Careers Colleges Schools Health SECTION Health TOPICS Monkeypox NEWSLETTER Health Matters Ramya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS Life &amp; Style SECTION Life &amp; Style Fashion Fitness Homes and gardens Luxury Motoring Travel Society SECTION Society Faith History &amp; Culture Books SECTION Books TOPICS Hindi Belt NEWSLETTER The Hindu On Books Books of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features. SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS Children Elections Food SECTION Food Dining Features Guides Recipes TOPICS Good Health Hunting Environment Real Estate Agriculture Brandhub Connect with us The Hindu Best Places to Work July 14, 2025 e-Paper Search for topics, people, articles... India World Movies Sport Data Health Opinion Science Business Premium Videos Podcast Photos Visual Stories Specials eBooks Crossword Newsletter Lit For Life The Huddle Home News India Top news of the day: Shubhanshu Shukla, crew members of Axiom Mission 4 head back to Earth after 18-day stay; India, China need to avoid ‘restrictive’ trade measures, says Jaishankar in Beijing, and more The major news headlines of the day and more. Published - July 14, 2025 06:31 pm IST The Hindu Bureau Copy link Email Facebook Twitter Telegram LinkedIn WhatsApp Reddit READ LATER Remove SEE ALL PRINT After spending 18 days at the International Space Station (ISS), Indian astronaut Group Captain Shubhanshu Shukla and his Axiom Mission 4 (Ax-4) crew members departed from the orbiting laboratory on Monday (July 14, 2025) onboard the SpaceX Dragon. | Photo Credit: ANI Axiom-4 mission: Shubhanshu Shukla, crew members head back to Earth after 18-day stay After spending 18 days at the International Space Station (ISS), Indian astronaut Group Captain Shubhanshu Shukla and his Axiom Mission 4 (Ax-4) crew members departed from the orbiting laboratory on Monday (July 14, 2025) onboard the SpaceX Dragon. The Ax-4 crew members’ return journey to earth commenced at 4.45 p.m. IST as the Dragon autonomously undocked from the forward-facing port of the ISS’s Harmony module and would conclude with a splashdown off the California coast on Tuesday (July 15, 2025). India and China need to avoid ‘restrictive’ trade measures: EAM Jaishankar in talks with Wang Yi India and China should now look at de-escalation of the situation along the Line of Actual Control after making “good progress” in normalising the bilateral ties in the past nine months, External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar said on Monday (July 15, 2025) as he held wide-ranging talks with his Chinese counterpart Wang Yi. Citizens must know value of freedom of speech, says SC as it mulls guidelines on expression The Supreme Court on Monday (July 15, 2025) said citizens must know the value of freedom of speech and expression and observe self regulation as it mulled guidelines to regulate offensive posts on social media. A Bench comprising Justices B. V. Nagarathna and K. V. Viswanathan was hearing a plea of one Wazahat Khan booked in FIRs in several states, including West Bengal, for his objectionable posts on X against a Hindu deity. Execution of Indian nurse in Yemen: Govt is keen to save its citizen, Attorney General tells SC The Union government assured the Supreme Court on Monday (July 14, 2025) that it is doing everything possible to save the life of Malayali nurse, Nimisha Priya, who is awaiting execution in a prison in Yemen for the murder of a local man. Appearing before a Bench of Justices Vikram Nath and Sandeep Mehta, Attorney General of India R. Venkataramani said the government is working relentlessly to stay the execution of the nurse. Odisha Governor seeks report on circumstances leading to girl’s self-immolation in Balasore Amid ongoing protests and political uproar over the self-immolation of a college student in Balasore , Odisha Governor Hari Babu Kambhampati on Monday (July 14, 2025) directed authorities to protect dignity and mental well-being of students and prevent recurrence of such incidents. J&amp;K CM Omar Abdullah, Ministers visit Srinagar’s Mazar-e-Shuhada, says ‘barriers were raised, but so was our resolve’ Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah, along with his senior Ministers and legislators, on Monday (July 14, 2025), in an act of defiance to the Lieutenant Governor administration’s stand on the slain civilians of 1931 reached the Mazar-e-Shuhada in Srinagar and paid tributes. Kanwariyas vandalise dhaba claiming owners did not display identity in Uttar Pradesh A group of kanwariyas allegedly vandalised a dhaba in Meerapur, alleging that the owners who were Muslims had not displayed their identities at their establishment, police said on Monday (July 14, 2025). The incident occurred at Lucky Shudh Dhaba Bhojnalaya near Saini Bhatta Chowk on a highway in Meerapur on Sunday (July 14, 2025), after the kanwariyas had lunch there. Met issues ‘orange’ alert for heavy rains in three Himachal districts, over 200 roads still closed The local Met office has issued an ‘orange’ alert of heavy to very heavy rains in three Himachal Pradesh districts on Monday (July 14, 2025) and Tuesday (July 15, 2025). Heavy to very heavy rains are likely at isolated places of Kangra, Mandi and Sirmaur on Monday and Shimla, Solan and Sirmaur on Tuesday (July 15, 2025), the Met Department said. It also issued ‘yellow’ alert of heavy rains in three to seven out of 12 districts till Friday. Mazar in Haryana’s Nuh damaged ahead of ‘jalabhishek’ yatra A mazar was damaged ahead of the Brij Mandal Jalabhishek yatra in Nuh’s Tauru town, police said on Monday (July 14, 2025) as security was ramped up in the District to ensure there is no repeat of the clashes that broke out during the religious procession two years ago. Published - July 14, 2025 06:31 pm IST Read Comments Copy link Email Facebook Twitter Telegram LinkedIn WhatsApp Reddit READ LATER Remove SEE ALL PRINT Top News Today 0 / 0 Read in App The Hindu About Us Code of Editorial Values News Archive Sitemap Print Subscription Digital Subscription Subscribe to Newsletters Rss Feeds Readers Editor-Terms of Reference Authors &amp; Contributors Gift Front page Contact us Contact Us Social Media Advertise With Us Group News Sites Business Line BL on Campus Sportstar Frontline இந்து தமிழ் திசை The Hindu Centre Young World Club The Hindu ePaper Business Line ePaper Crossword + Free Games Other Products STEP Images Classifieds - Print Bookstore &amp; Special Publications Popular Sections Elections Latest News National News International News Videos Life &amp; Style Food Podcast Showcase Opinion Editorial Columns Comment Cartoon Letters Interview Lead Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Mumbai Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Trending on The Hindu News India News Hyderabad news Bengaluru News Sports, IPL 2025 News Delhi news Live news Entertainment news Sitemap Trending on Group sites Stock Market Live Updates IND vs ENG 1st Test Day 1 Live Score IND vs ENG Test Series Full Results The Hindu Crossword Gold Rate Today Silver Rate Today Arvind Kejriwal Exclusive Interview Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? Frontline Current Issue Latest News Tirunelveli campus connect Two from Bengaluru drown in Kollidam near Lalgudi Top news of the day: Shubhanshu Shukla, crew members of Axiom Mission 4 head back to Earth after 18-day stay; India, China need to avoid ‘restrictive’ trade measures, says Jaishankar in Beijing, and more Research on impact of yoga on heart patients New attendance system for Lok Sabha MPs to be introduced in upcoming Parliament session Yoga practitioners in India rise to 542 million: CCRYN director Form teams to review Adi Dravidar welfare hostels across T.N., Murugan urges Stalin Silver jumps ₹5,000 to hit fresh peak of ₹1.15 lakh/kg Shakti scheme reaches new milestone with 500 crore women passengers Residents complain of garbage strewn across vacant plots in Chennai’s Navalur Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Sign in to unlock member-only benefits! Access 10 free stories every month Save stories to read later Access to comment on every story Sign-up/manage your newsletter subscriptions with a single click Get notified by email for early access to discounts &amp; offers on our products &#10005; Looks like you are already logged in from more than 3 devices! To continue logging in, remove at least one device from the below list Log out di.payload), 'all')">Log Out from all devices Terms & conditions &nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp; Institutional Subscriber ${ ind + 1 } ${ device } Last active - ${ la } Comments Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by our community guidelines for posting your comments. We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.

- Law and Media Round Up – 14 July 2025 – Inforrm's Blog: The French court of appeal has overturned the defamation convictions of Amandine Roy and Natacha Rey, who falsely claimed in a 2021 YouTube video that First Lady Brigitte Macron was born male, unde… [https://inforrm.org/2025/07/14/law-and-media-round-up-14-july-2025]
FULL CONTENT (28701 chars): Law and Media Round Up &#8211; 14 July 2025 &#8211; Inforrm&#039;s Blog Inforrm&#039;s Blog The International Forum for Responsible Media Blog Toggle mobile menu Toggle search field Search for: Home Table of Media Law Cases Resources About Inforrm Search for: Search Button Home Table of Media Law Cases Resources About Inforrm Search for: Search Button Law and Media Round Up &#8211; 14 July 2025 July 14, 2025 / INFORRM / 0 Comments The French court of appeal has overturned the defamation convictions of Amandine Roy and Natacha Rey, who falsely claimed in a 2021 YouTube video that First Lady Brigitte Macron was born male, under the name of her brother. The court ruled the women acted in good faith, believing their claims served the public interest, despite the accusations being baseless. The lower court had ordered the defendants to pay €8,000 to Macron and €5,000 to her brother, however the appellate decision reversed the ruling. Macron’s legal team have indicated that they plan to appeal the decision. The Telegraph , Le Monde , France24 , The Economic Times and International Business Times . In a judgment handed down on 11 July 2024 in the case of Baroness Lawrence &amp; Ors v Associated Newspapers Ltd [2025] EWHC 1716 (KB) Nicklin J ordered Prince Harry and six other claimants suing Associated Newspapers over alleged unlawful newsgathering to disclose any payments or inducements made to private investigators or witnesses. The Judge found that the claimants had failed to adequately disclose documents held by their research team, including those potentially undermining their claims. The case, involving accusations of phone tapping, hacking, and surveillance between 1993 and 2018, is set to go to trial in January 2026. The Telegraph , The Times , Press Gazette and The Sun covered the decision. Internet and Social Media The government has signed a deal with Google to “upskill” up to 100,000 civil servants in the latest tech and AI by 2030, aiming to make 1 in 10 public officials &#8220;tech experts.&#8221; Announced at the Google Cloud Summit in London, the agreement, which will come at no cost to the government, seeks to modernise public services and end reliance on outdated systems. However, critics have warned that it risks creating a new dependency on US tech giants and raises concerns over data security, especially under volatile political conditions in the US. The Guardian and The Register covered the development. Read the government’s press release here . Data privacy and data protection The ICO is seeking input on a proposed enforcement approach that could enable privacy-preserving alternatives to the current tech advertising model. The consultation focuses on how regulation 6 of the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations (PECR) is applied, exploring whether publishers could serve non-consensual ads in low-risk scenarios. The deadline to respond is Friday 29 August 2025. The ICO has welcomed the decision of the First-Tier tribunal in the appeal of TikTok Inc &amp; Anor v Information Commissioner [2025] UKFTT 798 (GRC). As covered in last week’s round-up , the tribunal confirmed that the commissioner had the jurisdiction to issue a money penalty notice to Tiktok in 2023. 5RB also has a summary of the judgement. The IAPP has an article on the limits of legal and policy frameworks that apply to wearable health trackers, given the high levels of data collection and difficulties with anonymisation. Newspaper Journalism and regulation The Daily Mail was reprimanded by the press regulator IPSO for publishing a false claim that “one in 12 living in London is an illegal migrant.” The Mail based its article on an earlier, uncorrected Telegraph report, which misinterpreted data from a Thames Water study. IPSO ruled that, while the Mail was entitled to report on another outlet’s story, it failed to take sufficient care in verifying the accuracy of the figures and correcting a significant inaccuracy on a socially and politically sensitive issue. The Mail published corrections. The Press Gazette covered IPSO’s ruling. Hacked Off has a blog post arguing that the coverage of Rachel Reeves tears during PMQs highlighted the sexist double standards. The Brett Wilson Media Law Blog features an article highlighting the risks commentators face when selectively quoting interviews, as this can potentially lead to defamation claims where the defence of honest opinion may not be available. Events Registration is now open for the annual Data Protection Practitioners’ Conference hosted by the Information Commissioner’s Office on Tuesday 14 October 2025. It is open to professionals in any sector and will cover current data protection issues. Register here . IPSO 06168-24 Tiddlywinks Nursery School Ramsbottom and Lynne Ramsell v manchestereveningnews.co.uk, 1 Accuracy, 3 Harassment, 4 Intrusion into grief or shock, No breach – after investigation 00254-25 Booth v Daily Mail, 1 Accuracy, Breach – sanction: action as offered by publication 00268-25 Jones v chesire-live.co.uk, 1 Accuracy, 2 Privacy, No breach – after investigation 00269-25 Jones v manchestereveningnews.co.uk, 1 Accuracy, 2 Privacy, No breach – after investigation 00390-25 Oliver v The Times, 1 Accuracy, Breach &#8211; sanction: action as offered by publication 00577-25 Gunn v Telegraph.co.uk, 1 Accuracy, Breach &#8211; sanction: action as offered by publication 00580-25 Gunn v thetimes.com, 1 Accuracy, Breach &#8211; sanction: publication of correction Statements in open court and apologies We are not aware of any apologies or statements in open court from the last week. New Issued cases There were no claims filed in the Media and Communications list last week. Last week in the courts On 7 to 10 July 2025, Heather Williams J heard the trial in the defamation case of Chaudry v Qureshi KB-2022-003483 . Judgement was reserved. On Wednesday 9 July 2025, there was a pre-trial review before Deputy High Court Judge Susie Allegre in the breach of confidence case of Ahluwalia v Verma KB-2023-001466 . As already mentioned, on Friday 11 July 2025, Nicklin J handed down judgment in the phone hacking case of Baroness Lawrence &amp; Ors v Associated Newspapers Ltd [2025] EWHC 1716 (KB) . Judgment was also handed down by Richard Spearman KC in the case of Dowding v The Character Group plc [2025] EWHC 1755 (KB). On the same day there was a summary judgment application in the defamation case of Whyte v British Medical Association KB-2024-002315 . Media law in other jurisdictions Australia On 9 July 2025, the Supreme Court of Western Australia dismissed an application by Mr Trott and his company TSA to stay or strike out a defamation claim brought by business rival Mr McCormack in the case of McCormack v Trott [2025] WASC 276 . The claim arose from comments Trott made to the media, alleging McCormack directed an employee to enrol in a TSA course to steal intellectual property. The defendants argued the case was an abuse of process due to its overlap with earlier copyright proceedings and delays in filing. However, the court found the defamation claim was legally distinct, the prior dispute had been settled without trial, and the claim was properly pleaded. In response to shocking child abuse allegations at a Melbourne childcare centre, governments and providers are considering or accelerating the rollout of CCTV in early education settings. While intended as a safety measure, experts warn that constant surveillance of over a million children raises serious privacy, data security, and ethical concerns. Critics argue that CCTV may create a false sense of security, can&#8217;t cover all areas legally, and risks hacking or misuse of footage. With no clear guidelines yet in place for footage storage or access, early childhood experts have urged caution and explained that deeper systemic reforms are needed beyond surveillance. The BBC , Guardian and ABC covered the story. Canada Chinese CCTV company, Hikvision is fighting a Canadian government ban that ordered it to cease operations over national security concerns. Following a federal review under the Investment Canada Act, authorities concluded that Hikvision posed a threat and barred its products from use by government institutions. In response, the company has filed legal action seeking a judicial review and a stay of the ban, allowing it to temporarily resume operations. Global Times , Global Competition Review and Info Security reported on the development. India Several international news outlets reported that their X accounts had been blocked in India due to a legal order requiring the blocking of over 2,300 accounts under threat of criminal sanctions. X claimed it was given one hour to comply with the order under Section 69A of the IT act, however the Indian authorities denied issuing any such order, claiming that the mistake arose from a delay in implementing a previous order issued in May. The Committee to Protect Journalists urged the Indian government to ensure transparency and due process when restricting social media. CNBC , Reuters , Al Jazeera , Hindustan Times and Jurist covered the story. Ireland A coalition of campaigners, academics, and media groups, including RTÉ, the Irish Council for Civil Liberties, and the Committee to Protect Journalists, has strongly criticised Ireland&#8217;s Defamation (Amendment) Bill 2024, which passed the Dali and is now in the Seanad, for failing to meet EU standards on protecting against Strategic Lawsuits Against Public Participation (SLAPPs). While the bill includes anti-SLAPP measures for defamation cases, it excludes other causes of action, such as privacy and copyright claims, which the group argues are often used to silence public interest speech. Read the joint statement in full here . The Irish Times and ICLG have more information. The Supreme Court dismissed appeals in a defamation case involving the Limerick Leader, which mistakenly identified the Respondent as a tax defaulter. The publisher claimed qualified privilege under the Defamation Act 2009, arguing that it acted in good faith by fulfilling its duty to report on matters of public interest. However, the Court ruled that the common law and statutory defences of qualified privilege does not extend to inaccurate publications made to the public at large, as it lacks the required mutual duty or interest and was materially inaccurate. It also upheld the respondent&#8217;s entitlement to full High Court costs, rejecting the appellant’s argument for reduced costs. The judgement is available in full here . Irish Legal News , Irish Examiner , Breaking News and EchoLive covered the ruling. Caretaker, Eric Swift, lost his defamation claim for up to €75,000 against a Dublin Lidl store and its security firm after alleging he was wrongly accused of theft. Swift claimed he was publicly confronted after placing a wine bottle in his bag, then returning it to the shelf. The court found the security guard acted in good faith, having not seen the bottle returned, and that any remarks made were protected by qualified privilege. The judge dismissed the case, accepting the defence’s version of events that the request to return to the store was made discreetly and without any allegations of theft. The Irish Times , Irish Independent and The Journal covered the judgement. Italy DLA Piper’s Privacy Matters blog has an article about a recent decision of the Italian Data Protection Authority, Garante, which has substantially changed the rules on marketing consent. The decision may require the adoption of a two-stage opt-in process in order to obtain consent, however it is currently unclear whether this is compulsory, as such a requirement would exceed the standards imposed in other EU countries. Latvia Russian-Latvian billionaire Pjotrs Avens has filed a criminal complaint against Latvian Foreign Minister Baiba Braže, accusing her of defamation over remarks made in a Diena interview, according to the Baltic News Network . Braže reportedly referred to Avens as “Putin’s personal banker” and claimed he laundered money for the Russian president. Avens denies the allegations. The dispute follows the lifting of EU sanctions against Avens, which Latvia has appealed on the basis of evidence of his alleged support for Russian actions in Ukraine. Research and Resources Torres-Spelliscy, Ciara, &#8220;I miss my name.&#8221; Why Election Workers Turn to Defamation Law to Defend Democracy (2025) Stetson University College of Law Research Paper Forthcoming. Cole, David D., &#8220;Beyond the Ivy League: Stopping the Spread of Antisemitism on American Campuses&#8221; : A Hearing Before the House Committee on Education and Workforce, 119th Cong., (2025) Georgetown University Law Center Research Paper Forthcoming. Lahmann, Henning and Custers, Bart and Scott, Benjamyn, The Fundamental Rights Risks of Countering Cognitive Warfare with Artificial Intelligence (2025). Gautam, Harshi and Singh, Milind, The Right to Privacy of Children in the Digital Age (2025). Zalnieriute, Monika, Beyond Procedural Fetishism: The Inadequacy of GDPR in Regulating Facial Recognition Technologies and Public Space Surveillance (2024) in M. Ebers and K. Sein (eds.) Privacy, Data Protection and Data-Driven Technologies, Edgar Elgar, 2024, p. 328-367. Munir, Bakht, Evaluating Ai in Legal Operations: A Comparative Analysis of Accuracy, Completeness, and Hallucinations in Chatgpt-4, Copilot, Deepseek, Lexis+ Ai, and Llama 3 (2025) International Journal of Legal Information. Gao, Raymond Yang, Forum Shifting to Regulate Data Privacy: The Creation and Evolution of EU Data Protection Law (2024) Northwestern Journal of International Law and Business 2025, Volume 46, Issue 1. Ulrich, Michael R., Policing Gender: The Interest Convergence of Women&#8217;s and Transgender Rights (2025). Boston Univ. School of Law Research Paper Forthcoming. O&#8217;Donnell, Dani, Regulating the Internet to Deregulate Gender Variance (2024) 113 Calif. L. Rev. 851 (2025). Magierska, Maria and Hassel, Sophia, 7 Years of Enforcing the GDPR: 7 Lessons for the AI-driven Europe (2025) EU Law Live Weekend edition, Forthcoming. Wagner, Ben and Kuebler, Johanne and Zalnieriute, Monika, Humans in the Loop: Exploring the Challenges of Human Participation in Automated Decision-Making Systems (2025) Frontiers in Political Science, 2025, Vol 7. Next week in the courts Between Monday 14 July and Friday 18 July 2025, there will be a trial in the case of Hegab (&#8220;Hijab&#8221;) v The Spectator (1828) Ltd and another KB-2023-003636 . On Tuesday 15 and Wednesday 16 July, there will be a 1.5 day hearing of applications in the case of KB-2022-004388 Andrew Hale-Byrne v Secretary of State for Business &amp; Trade . On Friday 18 July, there will be a one day application for a split trial and a stay in the case of Odey v Financial Times Limited KB-2024-001562 . Reserved judgements Chaudry v Qureshi, 7 – 10 July 2025, (Heather Williams J) 

- Krispy Kreme, Inc. Investors: Please contact the Portnoy: Investors can contact the law firm at no cost to learn more about recovering their losses  LOS ANGELES, July  14, 2025  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Portnoy Law... [https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/07/14/3115123/0/en/Krispy-Kreme-Inc-Investors-Please-contact-the-Portnoy-Law-Firm-to-recover-your-losses-July-15-2025-Deadline-to-file-Lead-Plaintiff-Motion.html]
FULL CONTENT (3971 chars): Krispy Kreme, Inc. Investors: Please contact the Portnoy --> Accessibility: Skip TopNav Krispy Kreme, Inc. Investors: Please contact the Portnoy Law Firm to recover your losses. July 15, 2025 Deadline to file Lead Plaintiff Motion. July 14, 2025 15:47 ET &nbsp; | Source: Portnoy Law Portnoy Law Investors can contact the law firm at no cost to learn more about recovering their losses LOS ANGELES, July 14, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Portnoy Law Firm advises Krispy Kreme, Inc. ("Krispy Kreme" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: DNUT) investors of a class action representing investors that bought securities between March 26, 2024 to May 7, 2025 , inclusive (the "Class Period"). Krispy Kreme investors have until July 15, 2025 to file a lead plaintiff motion. Investors are encouraged to contact attorney Lesley F. Portnoy , by phone 310-692-8883 or email : lesley@portnoylaw.com, to discuss their legal rights, or click here to join the case. The Portnoy Law Firm can provide a complimentary case evaluation and discuss investors’ options for pursuing claims to recover their losses. CASE ALLEGATIONS: Krispy Kreme, along with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells doughnuts. According to the complaint, on October 26, 2022, the Company began a small-scale test offering its doughnuts at McDonald’s restaurants in Louisville, Kentucky, and nearby areas. On March 26, 2024, Krispy Kreme and McDonald’s announced plans to expand the partnership nationwide beginning in the second half of 2024. The Krispy Kreme class action lawsuit alleges that during the Class Period, Defendants made false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (i) demand for Krispy Kreme products significantly declined at McDonald’s locations following the initial marketing push; (ii) this decline in demand contributed to reduced average sales per door per week; (iii) the partnership with McDonald’s was not profitable; (iv) these issues posed a material risk to the continuation of the McDonald’s partnership; and (v) as a result, Krispy Kreme would suspend further expansion into new McDonald’s locations. The complaint further alleges that on May 8, 2025, Krispy Kreme reported first quarter 2025 financial results, including net revenue of $375.2 million—a 15.3% year-over-year decline—and a net loss of $33.4 million, compared to a $6.7 million loss the previous year. The Company also announced it was reassessing the rollout schedule with McDonald’s and withdrawing its full-year guidance, citing uncertainty around the deployment. Following this news, Krispy Kreme’s stock price fell nearly 25%, according to the lawsuit. Please visit our website to review more information and submit your transaction information. The Portnoy Law Firm represents investors in pursuing claims against caused by corporate wrongdoing. The Firm’s founding partner has recovered over $5.5 billion for aggrieved investors. Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes. Lesley F. Portnoy, Esq. Admitted CA and NY Bar lesley@portnoylaw.com 310-692-8883 www.portnoylaw.com Attorney Advertising Tags $DNUT Class Action Related Links $DNUT Recommended Reading July 14, 2025 15:58 ET | Source: Portnoy Law DoubleVerify Holdings, Inc. Investors: Please contact the Portnoy Law Firm to recover your losses. July 21, 2025 Deadline to file Lead Plaintiff Motion. Investors can contact the law firm at no cost to learn more about recovering their losses LOS ANGELES, July 14, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Portnoy Law Firm advises DoubleVerify Holdings, Inc.... Read More July 14, 2025 15:58 ET | Source: Portnoy Law Red Cat Holdings, Inc. Investors: Please contact the Portnoy Law Firm to recover your losses. July 22, 2025 Deadline to file Lead Plaintiff Motion Investors can contact the law firm at no cost to learn more about recovering their losses LOS ANGELES, July 14, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Portnoy Law Firm advises Red Cat Holdings, Inc. (&quot;Red... Read More

- [Article from reuters.com]: [Content not accessible] [https://reuters.com/legal]
FULL CONTENT (0 chars): [Content not accessible]

---

TOPIC: Weather and Natural Disasters

LIVE SEARCH SUMMARY:
{
  "stories": [
    {
      "headline": "6.2 Magnitude Earthquake Strikes Off Panama's Pacific Coast on July 15, 2025",
      "engagement_total": 0,
      "x_posts": [],
      "supporting_articles": [
        "https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/latest-india-world-news-live-updates-today-breaking-news-july-15-2025/liveblog/122457606.cms"
      ]
    },
    {
      "headline": "Bengaluru Faces High Chance of Rain on July 14, 2025, with Mild Temperatures",
      "engagement_total": 0,
      "x_posts": [],
      "supporting_articles": [
        "https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/bangalore-weather-update-rain-forecast-for-july-14-2025-with-weekend-relief/articleshow/122426328.cms"
      ]
    }
  ]
}

X POSTS FROM SEARCH (0):
None found

SUPPORTING ARTICLES (7):
- Bengaluru weather forecast: Mild day with high chances of rain on July 14, 2025 | Bengaluru News - Times of India: Bangalore is set for a mixed weather day on July 14, 2025, with a high of 28.2°C and an 88% chance of late afternoon rain, urging residents to carry u [https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/bangalore-weather-update-rain-forecast-for-july-14-2025-with-weekend-relief/articleshow/122426328.cms]
FULL CONTENT (13313 chars): Bengaluru weather forecast: Mild day with high chances of rain on July 14, 2025 | Bengaluru News - Times of India Edition IN IN US English English हिन्दी मराठी ಕನ್ನಡ தமிழ் বাংলা മലയാളം తెలుగు ગુજરાતી Sign In TOI City bengaluru mumbai delhi Hyderabad kolkata chennai agra agartala ahmedabad ajmer amaravati amritsar bareilly bhubaneswar bhopal chandigarh chhatrapati sambhajinagar coimbatore cuttack dehradun erode faridabad ghaziabad goa gurgaon guwahati hubballi imphal indore itanagar jaipur jammu jamshedpur jodhpur kanpur kochi kohima kolhapur kozhikode ludhiana lucknow madurai mangaluru meerut mumbai region mysuru nagpur nashik navi mumbai noida patna prayagraj puducherry pune raipur rajkot ranchi thane salem shillong shimla srinagar surat trichy thiruvananthapuram udaipur vadodara varanasi vijayawada visakhapatnam photos Web Stories Today&#x27;s ePaper photos weather Karnataka elections News City News bengaluru News Bengaluru weather forecast: Mild day with high chances of rain on July 14, 2025 Trending Delhi Bomb Threat S Mohanraj San Rechal Shiv Sena Andhra Pradesh crash Delhi Airport Advisory Delhi Bomb Threat S Mohanraj San Rechal Shiv Sena Andhra Pradesh crash Delhi Airport Advisory Delhi Bomb Threat S Mohanraj San Rechal Shiv Sena Andhra Pradesh crash Delhi Airport Advisory Bengaluru weather forecast: Mild day with high chances of rain on July 14, 2025 TNN / Updated: Jul 14, 2025, 07:36 IST Share AA + Text Size Small Medium Large Bangalore is set for a mixed weather day on July 14, 2025, with a high of 28.2°C and an 88% chance of late afternoon rain, urging residents to carry umbrellas. The week ahead forecasts dominant rainfall, including heavy downpours mid-week exceeding 20mm. This monsoon activity could lead to waterlogged streets and slower commutes, advising preparedness for wet conditions. According to AQI.in, this weather data represents the beginning of a significant seasonal shift in Bengaluru&#x27;s climate pattern. Bangalore&#x27;s weather forecast for July 14, 2025 , indicates a mild day with temperatures ranging between 20.4°C and 28.2°C , accompanied by an 88% chance of rain . The day starts with overcast conditions and 70% humidity , while wind speeds could reach up to 31 km/h , creating a mix of sunshine and patchy rain throughout the day . You Can Also Check: Bengaluru AQI | Weather in Bengaluru | Bank Holidays in Bengaluru | Public Holidays in Bengaluru The morning begins at around 20°C , gradually warming to its peak of 28.2°C by midday. Despite the moderate wind speeds, the conditions remain comfortable for outdoor activities, particularly during the early hours . The possibility of afternoon showers suggests carrying rain gear, including waterproof footwear and an umbrella. The evening temperatures are expected to return to the low 20s , offering pleasant outdoor conditions . Upcoming Week Outlook The weather outlook for the upcoming week shows consistent rainfall patterns. July 15 will experience slightly lower temperatures at 27.7°C with an 83% chance of precipitation , while July 16 expects moderate rainfall of up to 6.88 mm . Heavy rainfall is predicted for July 17 and 18 , with precipitation potentially exceeding 20 mm . The weekend forecast indicates patchy rain with temperatures around 20°C , marking a slight improvement from the weekday conditions . The mid-July period demonstrates typical monsoon characteristics in Bangalore. Thursday and Friday&#x27;s heavy rainfall might affect street conditions and travel times, warranting extra preparation for commutes . Recommendations &amp; Monsoon Impact The current weather data indicates a full-fledged monsoon season in Bangalore, with predictions of sustained rainfall throughout the week. These conditions suggest planning indoor activities and maintaining appropriate rain gear when venturing outside . The timing for outdoor activities would be most suitable during the morning or late evening hours when rain is less likely . Indoor spaces can benefit from the mild temperatures by allowing natural ventilation . The moderate humidity levels and comfortable temperatures make it suitable for brief outdoor activities, though monitoring weather conditions remains advisable . The forecast data suggests keeping flexible plans for the week ahead, considering the high likelihood of rain . AQI.in provided the weather data referenced in this forecast, offering comprehensive insights into Bangalore's mid-July weather patterns . End of Article Follow Us On Social Media Visual Stories Previous Monday motivation: 10 quotes that will inspire you to do more Lifestyle Meenakshi Chaudhary&#x27;s glamorous clicks Entertainment Hiba Nawab’s Colourful Escape to the Maldives tv 10 pet-friendly balcony plants (and what to avoid) Lifestyle 10 diet tips to boost immunity this monsoon Lifestyle Iconic fashion moments spotted at BLACKPINK’s 2025 Deadline World Tour Lifestyle &#x27;Aap Jaisa Koi&#x27; actress Fatima Sana Shaikh&#x27;s most stunning suit looks Entertainment Manasi Parekh&#x27;s radiant charm - In pics Entertainment &#x27;Dhadak 2&#x27; star Tripti Dimri&#x27;s most stunning no-makeup looks Entertainment 9 quotes that feel like poetry for the soul Lifestyle Next 1 2 3 Photostories How to know if one has brain tumour: 5 signs that often go unnoticed What Spiti feels like in the monsoon: 6 must-do experiences How Priyanka Chopra’s roles mirror grit, identity and reinvention 6 sugar-free sweets made with jaggery and dry fruits Numerology Predictions Today, July 14, 2025: Read your personalized forecast for numbers 1 to 9 7 dreamy villages in Europe that steal the show These 7 Snakes Swim So Smoothly, You’d Mistake Them for Fish 5 times Bollywood actresses gave a new meaning to the Banarasi drape Measles spreading in the US: 5 simple tips to stay safe right now The Shah Rukh Khan moment that changed Ashish Chanchlani’s life: 5 things he rigorously followed to lose 40 kilos in 6 months 1 2 3 Hot Picks Income Tax Refunds Air India Crash Kota Srinivasa Rao FASTag Air India plane crash Rafale EU and Mexico Tariffs Top Trending Taylor Swift Music Varun Mohan WWE Evolution Highlights Travis Kelce Josh Allen Saudi Arabia Green Card Eli Willits Jannik Sinner Matthew Tkachuk Taylor Swift Tired of too many ads? go ad free now Trending Stories In City Entire Website Ladki Bahin scheme: NCP minister Chhagan Bhujbal flags fund delays; hints at tax hike Mumbai: Malabar Hill view point to house cafe again; can serve only readymade food; e-tendering begins Shiv Sena (UBT) pushes alliance: Sanjay Raut nudges Raj Thackeray; seeks formal tie-up Emergency-era secrets: Delhi govt to make MISA files public; leaders&#x27; arrests detailed &#x27;Mi Marathit bolu ka Hindi?’ Rajya Sabha pick Ujjwal Nikam recalls sharing laugh with PM Narendra Modi; says President entrusted him with responsibility ‘Don’t go on kanwar yatra’: UP govt teacher’s poem during school assembly sparks row; right-wing group issues threats Noida horror: Woman attacked for not withdrawing daughter’s suicide case; slashed on face, arms with knife Delhi airport issues advisory amid rain, strong winds; fliers urged to use Metro as showers likely today Tamil Nadu shocker: Students made to clean school toilets in Pudukottai; officials say it may not be their first time Hyderabad book clubs: Amid doomscrolls &amp; clicks, bibliophiles keep the paperback alive Top 10 richest Indians in the US 2025 including Jay Chaudhry, Vinod Khosla, Sundar Pichai and more Jet crashes at London Southend Airport shortly after take off; casualties feared “It’s in my DNA”: Ciara embraces New York spotlight as Russell Wilson begins fresh start with Giants Head of infrastructure engineering at Elon Musk’s AI company resigns: says ‘Jensen Huang was right, Elon and his teams are…’ US senators send ‘warning letter’ to Nvidia CEO JenSen Huang: ‘We are worried that…’ Microsoft cuts 15,000 jobs, tells remaining employees to invest in ... &#x27;No words against Khalistani terrorists&#x27;: Surrey mayor slammed for &#x27;weird message&#x27; after firing at Kapil Sharma&#x27;s cafe in Canada &quot;The friendship is done”: Taylor Swift unlikely to forgive Blake Lively after betrayal, Travis Kelce now her source of loyalty Air India plane crash: Pilots question preliminary probe report&#x27;s intent, cite ambiguities UK&#x27;s Skilled Worker rules change after July 22: Why this deadline matters for Indian tech professionals, engineers, and healthcare workers Tired of too many ads? go ad free now Explore Every Corner Across The Globe R Ashwin Ben Duckett Vaibhav Suryavanshi Varun Mohan Education Qualification Donald Trump Vancouver International Airport London Plane Crash Shubhanshu Shukla Kentucky Shooting UP Encounter EAM Jaishankar Blake Lively Saina Nehwal NHL Trade NHL Trade Rumor Ryan Clark Tiffany Mitchell Gisele Bündchen Ciara Wilson Lebron James Matthew Tkachuk WWE Saturday Main Event Highlights Russell Wilson Tiffany Mitchell Taylor Swift Klay Thompson Johnny Gaudreau Lampasas Flooding WWE Evolution 2025 Southend Airport crash About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Living and Entertainment Cricbuzz Lifestyle Newspaper Subscription Food News TV Times Prime Travel Destinations Whats Hot ETimes Times Life Times Pets MyLifeXP Services CouponDunia TechGig TimesJobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Gadgets Times Events Work with Us Colombia Hot on the Web R Madhavan Colourful Birds Dilip Kumar Old People Smell Saina Nehwal Sawan Somwar Wishes Nerve Damage Symptoms Shruti Haasan Indoor Plants Blood Cancer Symptoms Fatty Liver Symptoms Beetroot Benefits Rare Genetic Disease Vitamin D High Blood Pressure Symptoms Parkinson Disease Chia Seeds For Hair Kidney Health TSA Food Regulations Baby Girl Names Sugar Alternative Gallbladder Cancer Symptoms Riythvika Fatty Liver Disease Morning Habits Liver Damage Symptoms Kidney Damage Maalik Box Office Collection Kannappa Box Office Collection Sitaare Zameen Par Box Office Collection Stomach Cancer Indoor Plants That Attract Wealth Blood Cancer Jeff Bezos Ayurvedic Herbs For Thyroid Superfoods For A Healthy Liver Pastel Kitchen Design Gastric Cancer Trapit Bansal Airport Alert Rishi Sunak Virender Sehwag Trending Topics AP ECET Seat Allotment Result SBI PO Recruitment BAMS Admission 2025 Popular CBSE Schools in Hyderabad Indian Origin Business Tycoons in US DRDO Internship MI Ney York Karun Nair India vs England Ben Duckett Jannik Sinner Pakistan Airlines UAE Golden Visa Pete Hegseth Jonathan Trott Lebron James Matthew Tkachuk Artemi Panarins Who is Dillon Dub Donald Trump Tariffs Pam Bondi Saudi Arabia Green Card Ashwini Ganapathi Seth Rollins Rewa Airport Kash Patel Dan Bongino Kapil Sharma Michael Milne TCS Salary Increments Zack Wheeler NASA Employees NYT Connections Today Wordle Today Hints Amazon Sale Kidney Damage Trapit Bansal Youtube Monetization Rules Jensen Huang Heart Attack Samsung Galaxy Z Flip6 Ghost of Yōtei Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health+ Tips Indian TV Shows Technology Travel Etimes Health &amp; Fitness NFL Intel The Learning Curve India vs England Astrology Weather Today Platinum Rate Today Silver Rate Today Gold Rate Today Delhi AQI Today June Bank Holidays Public Holidays in June Stock Market Holidays Financial Calculators BSE Holidays Technology News International Sports Public Holidays Bank Holidays Latest News Golden State Warriors vs Utah Jazz: NBA 2K26 Summer League results, highlights and more CM change buzz: Congress alleges BJP plot to topple Karnataka govt; BJP counters with ‘horse trading’ charge Secunderabad railway station works inspected Maa Anandamayee Marg: Sewage and the city a road to ruin IND vs ENG Lord&#x27;s Test: Mohammed Siraj leaves ‘Home of Cricket&#x27; buzzing with his aggression North Korea&#x27;s Kim offers Russia &#x27;unconditional support&#x27; When ‘Panchayat’ star Jitendra Kumar opened up on kissing Ayushmann Khurrana on screen: ‘He made me comfortable’ Instant Scholar: Development as freedom - an India perspective by Amartya Sen David Corenswet’s ‘Superman’ Soars Past Brad Pitt’s ‘F1’ for 3rd Biggest Hollywood Weekend Opening in India Around the world In 26 million years: Evolution Of Eurema species is as breathtaking as the butterflies Air India crash: US FAA, Boeing says &#x27;fuel switch locks safe&#x27;; probe report raised questions on engine cutoff For Maldakal, Tirumala is off limits, local deity towers; no villager has visited Tirupati temple ever Baby girl grows &#x27;micropenis&#x27; from lying on dad&#x27;s bare chest; Experts issue serious health warning about parents&#x27; medications Delhi bomb scare: 3 schools receive threat mails; police launch search ops Curry leaves and coconut oil combo is the secret for shiny, smooth, and healthy hair France: Macron announces plans to boost defence spending Love Horoscope Today, July 14, 2025: What the stars say about your love life Chelsea wins Club World Cup 2025: Why football fans are accusing Donald Trump of doing a &#x27;John Terry&#x27; Copyright © 2025 Bennett, Coleman &amp; Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service Follow Us On

- Trump Is Gutting Weather Science and Reducing Disaster Response - The New York Times: As a warming planet delivers more extreme weather, experts warn that the Trump administration is dismantling the government’s disaster capabilities. [https://www.nytimes.com/2025/07/13/climate/floods-trump-cuts-disaster-preparedness-fema.html]
FULL CONTENT (18457 chars): Trump Is Gutting Weather Science and Reducing Disaster Response - The New York Times Skip to content Skip to site index Climate Today’s Paper Trump Administration live Updates July 14, 2025, 9:24 p.m. ET Cleared for Federal Layoffs Gutting FEMA States Face the Tax Law Domestic Policy Plan’s Costs Approval Ratings Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Supported by SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Trump Is Gutting Weather Science and Reducing Disaster Response As a warming planet delivers more extreme weather, experts warn that the Trump administration is dismantling the government’s disaster capabilities. Listen to this article · 12:50 min Learn more Share full article 1.1k A cadaver dog was used to search for human remains among the rubble near the Guadalupe River in Kerrville, Texas. Credit... Jordan Vonderhaar for The New York Times By Lisa Friedman Maxine Joselow Coral Davenport and Megan Mineiro July 13, 2025 In an effort to shrink the federal government, President Trump and congressional Republicans have taken steps that are diluting the country’s ability to anticipate, prepare for and respond to catastrophic flooding and other extreme weather events, disaster experts say. Staff reductions, budget cuts and other changes made by the administration since January have already created holes at the National Weather Service, which forecasts and warns of dangerous weather. Mr. Trump’s budget proposal for the next fiscal year would close 10 laboratories run by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration that research the ways a warming planet is changing weather, among other things. That work is essential to more accurately predicting life-threatening hazards. Among the shuttered labs would be one in Miami that sends teams of “hurricane hunters” to fly into storms to collect critical data. The proposed budget would also make major cuts to a federal program that uses river gauges to predict floods. The president is also envisioning a dramatically scaled-down Federal Emergency Management Agency that would shift the costs of disaster response and recovery from the federal government to the states. The administration has already revoked $3.6 billion in grants from FEMA to hundreds of communities around the country, which were to be used to help these areas protect against hurricanes, wildfires and other catastrophes. About 10 percent of the agency’s staff members have left since January, including senior leaders with decades of experience, and another 20 percent are expected to be gone by the end of this year. The White House and agency leaders say they are making much-needed changes to bloated bureaucracies that no longer serve the American public well. FEMA, for one, “has been slow to respond at the federal level. It’s even been slower to get the resources to Americans in crisis,” Kristi Noem, the homeland security secretary, said last week at a meeting convened by the president to recommend changes to the agency. “That is why this entire agency needs to be eliminated as it exists today and remade into a responsive agency. We owe it to all the American people to deliver the most efficient and the most effective disaster response.” Image Damage remains as the floodwaters have receded on the Guadalupe River. Credit... Jordan Vonderhaar for The New York Times National security and disaster management experts agreed that FEMA — or any federal agency — could be improved but they said the chaotic changes the Trump administration is making to FEMA, as well as other parts of the government, are harmful. The federal government’s retrenchment arrives at a time when climate change is making extreme weather more frequent and severe. Last year, the United States experienced 27 disasters that cost more than $1 billion each. “The Trump administration is leaving communities naked, without the necessary tools that could help them assess risks or reduce those risks,” said Alice C. Hill, who worked on climate resilience and security issues for the National Security Council during the Obama administration and who is now a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations. “We know preparedness saves lives,” Ms. Hill said. “When you make cuts to the Weather Service, that is undermining forecasts. When you cut the collection of data, satellites, all of that will degrade the accuracy of forecasts. And even with a strong forecast, it’s meaningless unless the people who need to hear it, hear it.” A ‘Generational Loss’ for Forecasting For months, experts have warned that cuts to the National Weather Service, part of NOAA, could endanger local communities. Those fears have grown since the deadly flash floods in Central Texas earlier this month. By all accounts, the Weather Service issued the appropriate warnings for the region that was inundated by the Guadalupe River on July 4. But the agency had to move employees from other offices to temporarily staff the San Antonio office that handled the flood warnings, and the office lacked a warning coordination meteorologist, whose job it is to communicate with local emergency managers to plan for floods, including when and how to warn residents and help them evacuate. The office’s warning coordination meteorologist had left on April 30, after taking the early retirement package the Trump administration has offered to reduce the number of federal employees. Since Mr. Trump took office, the Weather Service has shed about 600 jobs from its work force of roughly 4,200 people. They are part of a greater exodus of nearly 2,000 employees from NOAA. Nearly half of the Weather Service’s 122 forecast offices had lost at least 20 percent of their staff as of April. Thirty offices were lacking their most experienced official, known as the meteorologist-in-charge, as of May. “When that position is vacant, it does have consequences because that is the primary person who is briefing elected officials and emergency managers,” said Brian LaMarre, who retired at the end of April as the meteorologist-in-charge of the Weather Service forecast office in Tampa, Fla. Some forecast offices are no longer staffed overnight, and others have been launching fewer weather balloons, which send data to feed forecasts. The Weather Service has said it is preparing for “degraded operations.” The president is preparing to deal another blow to weather forecasting in his spending plan for next year, which would cut funding for NOAA by another $2 billion, or 27 percent. On the chopping block would be the agency’s entire scientific research division , one of the world’s premier weather and climate research centers, preventing the creation of new weather forecasting technologies. Ten laboratories across the country are also slated to be closed, including the National Severe Storms Laboratory in Norman, Okla. Founded in 1964, the lab created a tool to improve the accuracy of flash flood forecasts across the country — the same tool that correctly predicted the Guadalupe River’s rise after the floods hit Central Texas. Mr. Trump also wants to shutter the Atlantic Oceanographic and Meteorological Laboratory in Miami, which deploys “hurricane hunters,” or specialized aircraft and crew members who fly directly into storms to collect critical data like wind speed, temperature and humidity. Forecasters use this data to predict a storm’s intensity and where it is likely to make landfall. “The proposed NOAA cuts would mean a generational loss in hurricane forecasting,” said Michael Lowry, a hurricane specialist and meteorologist for WPLG Local 10 News in Miami. Mr. Trump’s sweeping domestic policy and tax law, which Congress passed this month, also rescinds about $60 million in unspent funds at NOAA for atmospheric, climate and weather research. That money had been part of the 2022 Inflation Reduction Act, the Biden administration’s signature climate law. That cut was inserted into the legislation by the Senate Commerce Committee, chaired by Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas. Macarena Martinez, a spokeswoman for Mr. Cruz, said that the rescinded money had “nothing to do with weather forecasting.” Instead, she said the funds were supposed to be used “for ‘heat awareness’ campaigns, ‘green collar’ jobs” and other programs. At the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Mr. Trump wants to halve funding for earth science and terminate satellites that have been collecting data on the atmosphere, ocean, land and ice for more than two decades. These cuts could bring about a “train wreck” for weather forecasting, said William B. Gail, a former president of the American Meteorological Society. Reducing the Ability to Monitor Floods The United States Geological Survey operates about 8,000 gauges in rivers, streams and other bodies of water, gathering data from across the country to help communities monitor and plan for floods. The gauges automatically transmit information every 15 minutes by satellite, sending real-time data that forms the basis for flood alerts that are sent to phones, as well as forecasts made by the National Weather Service. The gauges showed the 28-foot surge in floodwater on Texas’ Guadalupe River early on the morning of July 5. Mr. Trump’s 2026 budget proposal would cut 22 percent from the U.S.G.S. water resources program that includes the network of gauges. It argues that the plan “maintains support for stream gauges” but would increase the use of artificial intelligence to analyze the data. The administration is already planning to cancel the leases for 25 of the roughly 100 water science research facilities, according to documents viewed by The New York Times. In an emailed statement, the U.S.G.S. said: “These initiatives demonstrate our broader commitment to streamlining government operations while ensuring that our scientific efforts remain robust, effective, and impactful, supporting the unique field-based operations essential to the U.S.G.S. mission.” Experts say the cuts will leave Americans less informed. “There will be less data and fewer people to read it. If anyone wants the data, states, municipalities and private companies will have to pay for it. Otherwise, it’s going away. But flooding’s not going away,” said Keith Robinson, a former director of the U.S.G.S. New England Water Science Center. The ‘Demolition’ of Disaster Response? FEMA is the backbone of the nation’s emergency response resources, but disaster experts have for many years said the agency needs to be streamlined to deliver help to survivors more efficiently. Mr. Trump has said he wants to “phase out” FEMA and shift more responsibility — and costs — to the states. The Trump administration has already begun significantly scaling back the agency, eliminating billions of dollars in grants that help communities prepare for extreme weather. Image President Trump has said he wants to shift more of FEMA’s responsibilities to the states. Credit... Haiyun Jiang/The New York Times In addition to freezing $3.6 billion of unspent funds that had been approved for states, the administration stopped approving new grants that since the 1980s have been used to elevate or demolish flood-prone homes and strengthen buildings in hurricane zones. The president’s proposed 2026 budget eliminates about $882 million in the Building Resilient Infrastructure and Communities grant program, which helped support resources like flood control systems, wildfire prevention and storm water management upgrades. The Trump administration called the program “wasteful and ineffective.” FEMA has lost about a quarter of its full-time staff in the past six months, including 20 percent of the coordinating officers at the agency, who manage responses to major disasters, as well as the head of FEMA’s disaster command center. Also gone: the deputy regional administrator in the agency’s Region 6 office in Texas. David Richardson, FEMA’s acting head, has no emergency management experience. “We are not witnessing a reimagining of federal disaster response — we are watching its demolition,” Mary Ann Tierney, who resigned recently as the acting deputy secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, said in an interview. “With each policy rollback and staffing cut, the federal disaster management function is being hollowed out, leaving states and survivors to face storms, fires and floods with less.” Senator Peter Welch, Democrat of Vermont, said he agreed that FEMA was too slow to help communities rebuild after disasters. The way FEMA is organized makes it “harder, not easier, and more expensive,” to rebuild after disaster strikes, said Mr. Welch, whose state was inundated by floods in 2023 and 2024. Communities are forced to borrow the money to repair infrastructure like roads and bridges, not knowing whether they will be reimbursed, “even though it’s for a repair that is clearly covered under FEMA guidelines,” Mr. Welch said. He argued that the slowdown in federal funds means banks “are getting more and more resistant” to issuing loans. Mr. Welch has introduced legislation to shift more power to state and local officials in the rebuilding process, and to help them better navigate the red tape that slows down federal disaster assistance. Other legislation introduced in the House seeks to streamline the federal government’s disaster response and to restore FEMA as a Cabinet-level agency reporting directly to the president rather than the Department of Homeland Security. Judson Jones contributed reporting from Atlanta. Raymond Zhong contributed from London. A correction was made on July 13, 2025 : An earlier version of this article gave the incorrect spelling for the former meteorologist-in-charge of the Weather Service forecast office in Tampa, Fla. He is Brian LaMarre, not Brian LaMerre. When we learn of a mistake, we acknowledge it with a correction. If you spot an error, please let us know at nytnews@nytimes.com . Learn more Lisa Friedman is a Times reporter who writes about how governments are addressing climate change and the effects of those policies on communities. Maxine Joselow reports on climate policy for The Times. Coral Davenport covers energy and environment policy, with a focus on climate change, for The Times. Megan Mineiro is a Times congressional reporter and a member of the 2025-26 Times Fellowship class , a program for early-career journalists. A version of this article appears in print on , Section A , Page 1 of the New York edition with the headline: Cuts Endanger U.S. Response To Calamities . Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe See more on: National Weather Service , Federal Emergency Management Agency , National Aeronautics and Space Administration , Donald Trump , U.S. Politics Read 1.1k Comments Share full article 1.1k The Latest on the Trump Administration Epstein Files : President Trump threw a political lifeline to Pam Bondi , his embattled attorney general, appearing to side with her over Dan Bongino, the F.B.I.’s deputy director, who has threatened to quit over Ms. Bondi’

- Breaking News Live Updates: 6.2 magnitude earthquake strikes off Panama's Pacific coast  - The Times of India: Stay here for real-time updates on breaking news from India and across the world that you can't miss! [https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/latest-india-world-news-live-updates-today-breaking-news-july-15-2025/liveblog/122457606.cms]
FULL CONTENT (11231 chars): Breaking News Live Updates: 6.2 magnitude earthquake strikes off Panama&#x27;s Pacific coast - The Times of India Edition IN IN US English English हिन्दी मराठी ಕನ್ನಡ தமிழ் বাংলা മലയാളം తెలుగు ગુજરાતી Sign In TOI india Operation Sindoor Cancel Patriarchy Maharashtra Delhi Karnataka Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh West Bengal Gujarat Madhya Pradesh Bihar Chandigarh Rajasthan Arunachal Pradesh Andhra Pradesh Assam Chhattisgarh Goa Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu Kashmir Jharkhand Kerala Manipur Meghalaya Mizoram Nagaland Odisha Punjab Sikkim Tripura Uttarakhand Andaman Nicobar Islands Dadra Nagar Haveli Daman Diu Lakshadweep Pondicherry Web Stories Saving Our Stripes Digital Arrest Today&#x27;s ePaper Breaking News Live Updates: 6.2 magnitude earthquake strikes off Panama&#x27;s Pacific coast Commentary News India News Breaking News Live Updates: 6.2 magnitude earthquake strikes off Panama&#x27;s Pacific coast THE TIMES OF INDIA | Jul 15, 2025, 01:17:09 IST Share Follow us Breaking News Live Updates: 6.2 magnitude earthquake strikes off Panama&#x27;s Pacific coast Stay here for real-time updates on breaking news from India and across the world that you can't miss! 01:16 (IST) Jul 15 World News Live Updates: 6.2 magnitude earthquake strikes off Panama's Pacific coast A preliminary 6.2 magnitude earthquake struck off Panama's Pacific coast on Monday, with no immediate reports of injuries or damage. The US Geological Survey reported the quake occurred around midday, approximately 210 kilometers (130 miles) south of Punta Burica in Panama's Chiriquí province, near the Costa Rican border, at a shallow depth of 10 kilometers (6 miles). The tremor was felt in western Panama, a region known for frequent seismic activity. Panama's civil protection agency confirmed no immediate infrastructure damage and stated there was no tsunami threat, as they continue to monitor the situation. 01:15 (IST) Jul 15 World News Live Updates: Deadly fire at Massachusetts assisted living facility kills nine A devastating fire at the Gabriel House assisted-living facility in Fall River on Sunday night killed nine people and injured at least 30 others, trapping residents who screamed for help from windows. Firefighters responded around 9:50 pm (local time) to heavy smoke and flames. Residents described chaotic scenes, with some relying on firefighters for rescue by ladder. Five firefighters sustained minor injuries. While first responders were praised for their heroism, some residents criticized staff for not assisting. The cause of the fire is under investigation. Gabriel House, a facility for low-income seniors, is owned by Dennis Etzkorn, who faced past fraud charges related to an affiliated business, though charges were dismissed. Fall River, a low-income city, is now grappling with rehousing the vulnerable displaced population. 01:14 (IST) Jul 15 India News Live Updates: Woman arrested at Mumbai Airport with Rs 62 crore cocaine in Oreo boxes The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) on Monday arrested an Indian woman passenger at Mumbai international airport for allegedly attempting to smuggle over 6 kg of cocaine, valued at an estimated Rs 62.6 crore. The cocaine was ingeniously concealed within 300 capsules, packed inside six boxes of Oreo biscuits and three boxes of chocolates. DRI officials intercepted the woman, who had arrived from Doha, based on specific intelligence. The contraband, totalling 6.261 kg, was recovered and seized under the NDPS Act. An investigation is underway. 01:13 (IST) Jul 15 World News Live Updates: All four aboard small plane dead after London Southend Airport crash All four people aboard a small Beechcraft B200 Super King Air plane that crashed shortly after taking off from London Southend Airport on Sunday are dead, Essex Police confirmed Monday. While formal identification is ongoing, authorities believe all victims are foreign nationals, with initial reports suggesting two Dutch pilots and a Chilean nurse were onboard. The turboprop plane, operated by Dutch firm Zeusch Aviation (which conducts medical evacuation and private charters), had flown from Athens and Pula before its final leg to Lelystad in the Netherlands. It crashed moments after takeoff and burst into flames. The Air Accidents Investigation Branch has dispatched a multi-disciplinary team to investigate the cause of the "tragic accident." London Southend Airport remains closed, with no immediate timeline for reopening. 01:12 (IST) Jul 15 World News Live Updates: Syrian forces advance on Sweida amid deadly clashes; Israel strikes tanks Syrian government forces are advancing towards the southern city of Sweida on Monday, amidst escalating clashes between Druze fighters and Bedouin tribes that have killed nearly 100 people. The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported the death toll has reached 99 since Sunday, including 60 Druze (four civilians), 18 Bedouin fighters, 14 security personnel, and seven unidentified individuals in military uniforms. Syrian forces have taken control of Al-Mazraa, a Druze village, and are now heading towards Sweida city. The interior ministry confirmed forces are moving closer to the city center. Stay here for real-time updates on breaking news from India and across the world that you can't miss! Trending Donald Trump IND vs ENG London Plane Crash Saina Nehwal Varun Mohan Education Qualification Air India Tragedy First Somwar Vrat in Sawan Odisha Student Sexual Harassment Donald Trump IND vs ENG London Plane Crash Saina Nehwal Varun Mohan Education Qualification Air India Tragedy First Somwar Vrat in Sawan Odisha Student Sexual Harassment Donald Trump IND vs ENG London Plane Crash Saina Nehwal Varun Mohan Education Qualification Air India Tragedy First Somwar Vrat in Sawan Odisha Student Sexual Harassment Tired of too many ads? go ad free now Top Stories Right Now Sexual harassment case: Odisha student who immolated self succumbs to injuries; ... Pakistan&#x27;s political, military brass ordered hit at Pahalgam: Officials Why has AI 171 probe report failed to answer this critical question? More Latest News Tired of too many ads? go ad free now Quick Links MLC News NHL News NBA News Esports and Gaming News Cricket News WWE News Popular CBSE Schools in Hyderabad International Sports MLB News NFL News India vs England Live Cricket Score Explore Every Corner Across The Globe IND vs ENG Justin Bieber Brent Rookers Wife Fauja Singh Wayne Gretzkys NBA Trade Rumors Conor Mcgregor Mario Lemieux Jada Mclean Garrett Wilson Taylor Swift Blake Lively Josh Allen Bill Belichick Connor McDavid Sofa Vergaras Aaron Rodgers Teddy Bridgewater Eugenia Cooney IB Executive Recruitment Teddy Bridgewater Suspended Randy Mims Jeff Bezos Wedding Matthew Tkachuk Derrick Rose Taylor Swift Michael Strahan Joy Taylor Kyle Hamilton Alex Ovechkin Retirement About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Living and Entertainment Cricbuzz Lifestyle Newspaper Subscription Food News TV Times Prime Travel Destinations Whats Hot ETimes Times Life Times Pets MyLifeXP Services CouponDunia TechGig TimesJobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Gadgets Times Events Work with Us Colombia Hot on the Web Saina Nehwal R Madhavan Dilip Kumar TSA Food Regulations Colourful Birds Saina Nehwal House Ravi Kishan Saroja Devi Death News Old People Smell Sawan Somwar Wishes Chia Seeds For Hair Nerve Damage Symptoms Indoor Plants Blood Cancer Symptoms Overactive Bladder Constipation Relief Remedies Rare Genetic Disease High Blood Pressure Symptoms Persian Cat Fastag Update Baby Names Gabapentin Side Effects Indian Snakes Brain Tumour Symptoms Fatty Liver Disease Liver Damage Symptoms Kidney Damage Maalik Box Office Collection Kannappa Box Office Collection Sitaare Zameen Par Box Office Collection Stomach Cancer Indoor Plants That Attract Wealth Blood Cancer Jeff Bezos Ayurvedic Herbs For Thyroid Naruto Wallpapers Takopis Original Sin Gastric Cancer Trapit Bansal Airport Alert Rishi Sunak Virender Sehwag Trending Topics Caleb Williams Tom Brady Kirk Cousins Wife George Kittle Alexander Ovechkin Wayne Gretzky Tyler Guyton vs Jalen Carter Luka Doncic India vs England Saina Nehwal Connor McDavid Nick Sirianni LeBron James FIFA Club World Cup Giannis Antetokounmpo WWE Evolution 2 Fauja Singh NFL QB Rankings 2025 Trey Smith Ben Stiller Joy Taylor Jayson Tatum Gabrielle Union Calle Jarnkrok Kris Letang Paul McFarland Porter Martone Kate Middleton Nikola Jokic Blake Lively Nimisha Priya Shubhanshu Shukla Return NYT Connections Today Wordle Today Hints Top Richest Indian Sundar Pichai Parupalli Kashyap Vivo x200 FE Price Jensen Huang Satoshi Nakamoto Elon Musk Shubhanshu Shukla Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health+ Tips Indian TV Shows Technology Travel Etimes Health &amp; Fitness NFL Intel The Learning Curve India vs England Astrology Weather Today Platinum Rate Today Silver Rate Today Gold Rate Today Delhi AQI Today June Bank Holidays Public Holidays in June Stock Market Holidays Financial Calculators BSE Holidays Technology News International Sports Public Holidays Bank Holidays Latest News Kite Flying: An Allegory Of Meditative Union UKPSC RO/ARO prelims exam 2024 postponed, admit cards released: Check detailed schedule and link to download hall tickets SA20: &#x27;Couldn&#x27;t ask for a better start from Kagiso Rabada,&#x27; says Reeza Hendricks after MICT beat Paarl Royals Indian Armed Forces and Bajaj Auto embark on the ‘Dare Square’ rally &#x27;Kaun hai yeh?&#x27;: Kapil Dev responds with humour to Yograj Singh&#x27;s &#x27;want to put a bullet&#x27; comments Why Stephen Baldwin thinks one of his brothers would fare better on special forces: &#x27;A little stud muffin&#x27; Facebook founder doesn’t know who India&#x27;s PM is; gets corrected by IT Minister Ashwini Vaishnaw Delhi polls: Atishi files nomination papers from Kalkaji seat Sangam witnesses sea of devotees taking holy dip on Makar Sankranti From Sean &#x27;Diddy&#x27; Combs protection plot to woke politics: LA wildfires spark surge of wild conspiracy theories &#x27;India cap shouldn&#x27;t be given just like that&#x27;: Sunil Gavaskar urges BCCI to trim squad size for England Test tour Jimmy Kimmel Live launches L.A. fire relief donation center on Hollywood backlot Choreographer Bosco Martis is all praise for ‘Deva’ star, saying “Shahid Kapoor now dances like a superstar” Shruti Haasan discusses menstrual leave Says, &#x27;We can apply it in some professions, but it is very difficult to apply it in cinema&#x27; Ram Charan’s Game Changer loses steam in North America as it struggles to cross US $1.9 million collection Delhi police registers complaint against CM Atishi for using government vehicle for political purpose WWE RAW on Netflix Results and Highlights (1/13/25): Shocking Debut, Chaotic Street Fight Match and More Maha Kumbh 2025: Why is Harsha Richhariya the &#x27;beautiful sadhvi&#x27; going viral on social media Copyright © 2025 Bennett, Coleman &amp; Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service Follow Us On

- July 6, 2025 - News on deadly Texas floods | CNNClose icon: [Summary not available] [https://www.cnn.com/weather/live-news/texas-flooding-camp-mystic-07-06-25-hnk]
FULL CONTENT (31896 chars): July 6, 2025 - News on deadly Texas floods | CNN CNN values your feedback 1. How relevant is this ad to you? 2. Did you encounter any technical issues? Video player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues Ad never loaded Ad prevented/slowed the page from loading Content moved around while ad loaded Ad was repetitive to ads I&#x27;ve seen previously Other issues Cancel Submit Thank You! Your effort and contribution in providing this feedback is much appreciated. Close Ad Feedback Close icon Weather Video Climate More Video Climate Watch Listen Live TV Subscribe Sign in My Account Settings Newsletters Topics you follow Sign out Your CNN account Sign in to your CNN account Sign in My Account Settings Newsletters Topics you follow Sign out Your CNN account Sign in to your CNN account Live TV Listen Watch Edition US International Arabic Español Edition US International Arabic Español Video Climate Follow CNN US Crime + Justice World Africa Americas Asia Australia China Europe India Middle East United Kingdom Politics Trump Facts First CNN Polls 2025 Elections Business Tech Media Calculators Videos Markets Pre-markets After-Hours Fear &amp; Greed Investing Markets Now Nightcap Health Life, But Better Fitness Food Sleep Mindfulness Relationships Entertainment Movies Television Celebrity Tech Innovate Foreseeable Future Mission: Ahead Work Transformed Innovative Cities Style Arts Design Fashion Architecture Luxury Beauty Video Travel Destinations Food &amp; Drink Stay Videos Sports Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Olympics Hockey Science Space Life Unearthed Climate Solutions Weather Weather Video Climate Ukraine-Russia War Israel-Hamas War Watch Live TV CNN Headlines CNN Shorts Shows A-Z CNN10 CNN Max CNN TV Schedules FlashDocs Listen CNN 5 Things Chasing Life with Dr. Sanjay Gupta The Assignment with Audie Cornish One Thing Tug of War CNN Political Briefing The Axe Files All There Is with Anderson Cooper All CNN Audio podcasts CNN Underscored Electronics Fashion Beauty Health &amp; Fitness Home Reviews Deals Gifts Travel Outdoors Pets Games Daily Crossword Jumble Crossword Sudoblock Sudoku 5 Things Quiz About CNN Subscribe Photos Investigations CNN Profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters Work for CNN July 6, 2025 - News on deadly Texas floods By Kathleen Magramo , Karina Tsui , Diego Mendoza , Alaa Elassar , Rebekah Riess , Hanna Park , Lauren Mascarenhas , Chris Boyette , Maureen Chowdhury , Danya Gainor , Amanda Musa , Michael Williams and Isabelle D’Antonio , CNN Updated 9:23 AM EDT, Mon July 7, 2025 - Source: CNN " data-fave-thumbnails="{&quot;big&quot;: { &quot;uri&quot;: &quot;https://media.cnn.com/api/v1/images/stellar/prod/112937-web-thumb-2.jpg?c&#x3D;16x9&amp;q&#x3D;h_540,w_960,c_fill&quot; }, &quot;small&quot;: { &quot;uri&quot;: &quot;https://media.cnn.com/api/v1/images/stellar/prod/112937-web-thumb-2.jpg?c&#x3D;16x9&amp;q&#x3D;h_540,w_960,c_fill&quot; } }" data-vr-video="false" data-show-html=" " data-byline-html=" " data-timestamp-html=" Updated 9:23 AM EDT, Mon July 7, 2025 " data-check-event-based-preview="" data-is-vertical-video-embed="false" data-network-id="" data-publish-date="2025-07-07T04:06:46.731Z" data-video-section="us" data-canonical-url="https://www.cnn.com/2025/07/07/us/video/texas-floods-wrap-digvid" data-branding-key="" data-video-slug="texas-floods-wrap-digvid" data-first-publish-slug="texas-floods-wrap-digvid" data-video-tags="" data-breakpoints='{"video-resource--media-extra-large": 660}' data-display-video-cover="true" data-details=""> Video Ad Feedback Four months of rain in hours: How the deadly Texas floods unfolded 01:48 - Source: CNN Four months of rain in hours: How the deadly Texas floods unfolded 01:48 What we covered here • Rising death toll: At least 82 people have died in connection with the flash floods that struck central Texas, according to officials. The toll includes at least 28 children in Kerr County, where 10 girls and one counselor from Camp Mystic are still unaccounted for, authorities said. • Flood threat remains: With dozens still missing, Gov. Greg Abbott said flash flooding continues to pose a danger for parts of Texas, with more rain on the way in several areas . Officials urged people in Hunt, a community in Kerr County, to move to higher ground this afternoon because of potential flooding. • Emergency readiness: Records show officials in Kerr County previously considered installing flood warning sirens, but the plan never came to fruition . And while the National Weather Service issued a slew of alerts before the storm, questions surround the agency’s staffing and ability to reach residents at the time of the disaster. • For ways to help those affected by floods in central Texas, visit CNN Impact Your World . All Catch up 63 Posts Our live coverage on the catastrophic flooding in Texas has moved here . Link Copied! “This is the most important mission of my life,” says Texas flood helicopter rescuer From CNN&#x27;s Josh Campbell A helicopter flies overhead as volunteers search for flood victims after deadly flooding in Kerr County, Texas on Sunday. Sergio Flores/Reuters Airborne rescue crews in Texas working to save the lives of flood victims have been working around the clock since the deadly floods on July 4 to scour the Hill Country area for survivors, said one person involved in the effort who spoke with CNN. “It’s been nonstop turning and burning,” said the first responder, a reference to helicopters quickly off-loading those rescued and then quickly launching back into the skies to search for more survivors. “We train nonstop, but this is the most important mission of my life,” the person said, adding, “This is home.” As CNN has reported, air assets from multiple local, state and federal agencies have descended upon the Texas Hill Country area to search for survivors. “The helicopters are loud and get lots of attention,” the person said, “but don’t overlook the bravery of our ground teams rescuing people by good old-fashioned trucks.” Link Copied! Local and regional partners committed to "full review" of emergency notifications and systems From CNN&#x27;s Danya Gainor Officials are committed to a “full review of the events and systems in place” following questions about emergency notifications with evacuation guidance, Kerrville City Manager Dalton Rice said at a Sunday news conference. The local and regional partners will take “clear steps to strengthen our future preparedness,” Rice said. “We owe that commitment to the families who are suffering and to every member of our community.” Some context: The National Weather Service warned of “life-threatening flooding” along the river in a series of early morning alerts . However, questions remain about how many people received those warnings, whether critical vacancies at forecast offices affected the dissemination of alerts, and whether warning fatigue had been growing among residents in a region described as one of the most dangerous in the country for flash flooding. Link Copied! Camp Mystic owner Dick Eastland dies attempting to rescue campers, grandson says From CNN&#x27;s Sarah Dewberry Camp Mystic owner and executive director Richard Eastland George Eastland Camp Mystic owner Dick Eastland died while trying to rescue campers during the catastrophic flooding in Kerr County, Texas, as shared by his grandson in an Instagram tribute on Saturday. “If he wasn’t going to die of natural causes, this was the only other way—saving the girls that he so loved and cared for,” George Eastland wrote. “That’s the kind of man my grandfather was. He was a husband, father, grandfather, and a mentor to thousands of young women. Although he no longer walks this earth, his impact will never fade in the lives he touched.” A Camp Mystic employee, Glenn Juenke, told CNN Eastland died “remaining a true hero until the very end.” “Eastland tragically lost his life while courageously attempting to save several young children,” Juenke said. Link Copied! Video: Timelapse shows speed of floodwater rising in Texas A timelapse, captured on Friday, shows how quickly floodwaters rose along the Llano River in Kingsland, Texas. The video, which was sped up, shows the water rush in and rise along the river in the span of 30 minutes. - Source: CNN " data-fave-thumbnails="{&quot;big&quot;: { &quot;uri&quot;: &quot;https://media.cnn.com/api/v1/images/stellar/prod/llano-river-texas-timelapse-screengrab-0704.jpg?c&#x3D;16x9&amp;q&#x3D;h_540,w_960,c_fill&quot; }, &quot;small&quot;: { &quot;uri&quot;: &quot;https://media.cnn.com/api/v1/images/stellar/prod/llano-river-texas-timelapse-screengrab-0704.jpg?c&#x3D;16x9&amp;q&#x3D;h_540,w_960,c_fill&quot; } }" data-vr-video="false" data-show-html=" " data-byline-html=" By Sara Smart , CNN " data-timestamp-html=" Updated 9:23 AM EDT, Mon July 7, 2025 " data-check-event-based-preview="" data-is-vertical-video-embed="false" data-network-id="" data-publish-date="2025-07-06T15:04:37.721Z" data-video-section="us" data-canonical-url="https://www.cnn.com/2025/07/06/us/video/timelapse-kingsland-texas-river-floodwater-levels-digvid" data-branding-key="" data-video-slug="timelapse-kingsland-texas-river-floodwater-levels-digvid" data-first-publish-slug="timelapse-kingsland-texas-river-floodwater-levels-digvid" data-video-tags="16x9,horizontal,digvid,texas,timelapse,llano river,kingsland" data-breakpoints='{"video-resource--media-extra-large": 660}' data-display-video-cover="true" data-details=""> Video Ad Feedback Timelapse video shows speed of floodwater rising in Texas 00:31 - Source: CNN Timelapse video shows speed of floodwater rising in Texas 00:31 Link Copied! Water levels rise in Kerr County as additional rain falls in flood-ridden areas From CNN&#x27;s Amanda Musa Rescuers paddle an inflatable boat as they search along a waterway following flash flooding, in Kerrville, Texas on Sunday. Marco Bello/Reuters Waterways in some of the most devastated parts of central Texas are beginning to swell once again as more rain falls in the area. The rain, impacting the upper Guadalupe basin this afternoon, has led to a rise in Johnson Creek in Kerr County, where 68 people have died due to flash flooding as of Sunday evening. “This water may lead to a rise of [one to two feet] downstream when it enters the Guadalupe river in Ingram,” the Kerr County Sheriff’s Office said in a Facebook post this evening. “Please be aware if you are near the Guadalupe River or Johnson Creek,” the post said. The City of Ingram sits along the river, about 6 miles west of the City of Kerrville. Link Copied! At least 82 people have died in flooding across central Texas. Here's a breakdown by county From CNN&#x27;s Danya Gainor At least 82 people, including 28 children, have died as floods rushed through central Texas through the July 4 weekend. The total continues to rise as local emergency officials across the state carry out search, rescue and recovery efforts. Here’s a breakdown by county as of Sunday night: 68 deaths in Kerr County 6 deaths in Travis County 3 deaths in Burnet County 2 deaths in Kendall County 2 deaths in Williamson County 1 death in Tom Green County Link Copied! 2 dead in Williamson County, bringing total from flooding to at least 81 From CNN&#x27;s Danya Gainor Two people in Williamson County have died as a result of Saturday’s flooding in the area, according to a statement from the county. At least 81 people across central Texas are now dead after floods devastated the state over the weekend. “We have a long way to go in this recovery phase, but I know Williamson County is a caring and resilient community,” said County Judge Steven Snell. CNN’s Mia Blackman contributed to this report. Link Copied! More heavy rain is expected in Texas as flash flooding death toll climbs to 82. Here's the latest. From CNN&#x27;s Amanda Musa A baseball cap is seen on the banks of the Guadalupe River in Center Point, Texas on Sunday. Brandon Bell/Getty Images Devastating flash floods in Central Texas have killed at least 82 people , including 28 children in one county, according to state and local officials. With dozens still missing across the state, Texas Gov. Greg Abbott warns that flash flooding could still pose a danger for some regions over the next few days as “more heavy rainfall” is expected. Heavy rainfall could lead to flash flooding in the Big Country, Concho Valley, Central Texas and again in the City of Kerrville, where a majority of the destruction has been reported, Abbott said during a news conference today. Meanwhile, as the state broadens its emergency response efforts ahead of possible storms, Kerrville will remain a priority, according to Abbott. Here’s the latest: Death toll: Officials in several Texas counties have confirmed a total of 82 fatalities in connection with the flooding, including 68 in Kerr County, six in Travis County, three in Burnet County, two in Kendall County, one in Tom Green County and two in Williamson County. Among those deceased in Kerr County are 40 adults and 28 children, according to Sheriff Larry Leitha. Missing campers: Officials in Kerr County say crews are continuing to search for 10 campers and one counselor from Camp Mystic , an all-girls’ summer camp near the Guadalupe River that was swamped by flood waters. Search and Rescue: At least 41 people are missing due to the flooding, according to state and local officials. To aid in the search, Texas Air National Guardsmen are using remotely piloted military drones typically used by the military to conduct surveillance. Emergency readiness: Records show officials in Kerr County previously considered installing flood warning sirens, but the plan never came to fruition. And while the National Weather Service issued a slew of alerts before the storm, questions surround the agency’s staffing and ability to reach residents at the time of the disaster. Link Copied! NFL Foundation, Dallas Cowboys and Houston Texans donate a total $1.5 million for flood victims From CNN&#x27;s Danya Gainor Workers operate heavy machinery to clear debris on Sunday in Hunt, Texas. Eric Vryn/Getty Images The NFL Foundation, along with the league’s two teams in Texas, the Dallas Cowboys and the Houston Texans, are donating a combined $1.5 million in relief for victims of the floods that have overwhelmed central Texas since July 4. The funds are to “provide both immediate assistance and long-term resources to those most impacted by the catastrophic flooding,” the NFL said in a Sunday post on X . The Cowboys and the Texans are both committing $500,000. “We will continue to support the search, rescue and recovery efforts in the coming weeks,” the Texans said in a post on X . The Cowboys said they are “standing side by side with The Salvation Army’s critical response.” Link Copied! Texas man searching for his parents after h

- FEMA Didn’t Answer Thousands of Calls From Flood Survivors, Documents Show - The New York Times: Two days after deadly Texas floods, the agency struggled to answer calls from survivors because of call center contracts that weren’t extended. [https://www.nytimes.com/2025/07/11/climate/fema-missed-calls-texas-floods.html]
FULL CONTENT (7670 chars): FEMA Didn’t Answer Thousands of Calls From Flood Survivors, Documents Show - The New York Times Skip to content Skip to site index Climate Today’s Paper Trump Administration live Updates July 14, 2025, 9:48 p.m. ET Cleared for Federal Layoffs Gutting FEMA States Face the Tax Law Domestic Policy Plan’s Costs Approval Ratings Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Supported by SKIP ADVERTISEMENT FEMA Didn’t Answer Thousands of Calls From Flood Survivors, Documents Show Two days after deadly Texas floods, the agency struggled to answer calls from survivors because of call center contracts that weren’t extended. Listen to this article · 6:26 min Learn more Share full article Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem at a news conference in Kerrville, Texas, on Saturday. Ms. Noem did not renew a contract to staff call center workers until Thursday. Credit... Jordan Vonderhaar for The New York Times By Maxine Joselow July 11, 2025 Leer en español Two days after catastrophic floods roared through Central Texas, the Federal Emergency Management Agency did not answer nearly two-thirds of calls to its disaster assistance line, according to documents reviewed by The New York Times. The lack of responsiveness happened because the agency had fired hundreds of contractors at call centers, according to a person briefed on the matter who spoke on the condition of anonymity in order to discuss internal matters. The agency laid off the contractors on July 5 after their contracts expired and were not extended, according to the documents and the person briefed on the matter. Kristi Noem, the homeland security secretary, who has instituted a new requirement that she personally approve expenses over $100,000, did not renew the contracts until Thursday, five days after the contracts expired. FEMA is part of the Department of Homeland Security. The details on the unanswered calls on July 6, which have not been previously reported, come as FEMA faces intense scrutiny over its response to the floods in Texas that have killed more than 120 people. The agency, which President Trump has called for eliminating, has been slow to activate certain teams that coordinate response and search-and-rescue efforts. Asked for comment, a spokeswoman for the Department of Homeland Security who declined to be identified wrote in an email, “When a natural disaster strikes, phone calls surge, and wait times can subsequently increase. Despite this expected influx, FEMA’s disaster call center responded to every caller swiftly and efficiently, ensuring no one was left without assistance.” After floods, hurricanes and other disasters, survivors can call FEMA to apply for different types of financial assistance. People who have lost their homes, for instance, can apply for a one-time payment of $750 that can help cover their immediate needs, such as food or other supplies. On July 5, as floodwaters were starting to recede, FEMA received 3,027 calls from disaster survivors and answered 3,018, or roughly 99.7 percent, the documents show. Contractors with four call center companies answered the vast majority of the calls. That evening, however, Ms. Noem did not renew the contracts with the four companies and hundreds of contractors were fired, according to the documents and the person briefed on the matter. The next day, July 6, FEMA received 2,363 calls and answered 846, or roughly 35.8 percent, according to the documents. And on Monday, July 7, the agency fielded 16,419 calls and answered 2,613, or around 15.9 percent, the documents show. Some FEMA officials grew frustrated by the lapse in contracts and that it was taking days for Ms. Noem to act, according to the person briefed on the matter and the documents. “We still do not have a decision, waiver or signature from the DHS Secretary,” a FEMA official wrote in a July 8 email to colleagues. Representatives for two of the companies with call center contracts, General Dynamics Information Technology and Maximus, redirected requests for comment to FEMA. Representatives for the other two firms, ITCON and TTEC, did not respond to requests for comment. “Responding to less than half of the inquiries is pretty horrific,” said Jeffrey Schlegelmilch, who directs the National Center for Disaster Preparedness at Columbia University. “Put yourself in the shoes of a survivor: You’ve lost everything, you’re trying to find out what’s insured and what’s not, and you’re navigating multiple aid programs,” Mr. Schlegelmilch said. “One of the most important services in disaster recovery is being able to call someone and walk through these processes and paperwork.” Most people apply for FEMA aid by calling the disaster assistance line or visiting the agency’s website, said Jeremy Edwards, a former FEMA spokesman under the Biden administration who is now at the Century Foundation, a liberal research organization. The Trump administration last month ended FEMA’s longstanding practice of going door-to-door in disaster-battered areas to help survivors apply for aid. It was not immediately clear how FEMA’s responsiveness to calls after the Texas floods compared to its performance after past disasters. FEMA does not publicly release that data on a regular basis. The agency did publish similar data on Oct. 29, 2024, days after Hurricane Helene barreled across the South and nearly three weeks after Hurricane Milton hit Florida. That information showed that the agency did not answer nearly half of the 507,766 incoming calls over the course of a week, E &amp; E News reported . Democratic lawmakers raised concern on Friday that Ms. Noem’s insistence on approving expenses over $100,000 had also delayed FEMA’s deployment of search-and-rescue teams to Texas. In a letter to David Richardson, FEMA’s acting administrator, the Democrats on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform wrote that Ms. Noem did not authorize the deployment of those teams until July 7, three days after the flooding began. Mr. Richardson, who has no background in emergency management, has not made any public appearances since his appointment on May 8, breaking with a long tradition of FEMA leaders meeting with local officials in the wake of disasters. President Trump and first lady Melania Trump traveled on Friday to Kerrville, Texas , a community along the Guadalupe River that has become a hub for search and recovery efforts . While Mr. Trump has talked of eliminating FEMA since he took office, White House officials have recently expressed a desire to overhaul the agency. Mr. Trump and others in his administration have indicated they want to shift more responsibility — and cost — to states. “We also want FEMA to be reformed,” Russell T. Vought, director of the Office of Management and Budget told reporters on Friday. “We want FEMA to work well. And, you know, the president is going to continue to be asking tough questions from all of his agencies.” Maxine Joselow reports on climate policy for The Times. A version of this article appears in print on , Section A , Page 17 of the New York edition with the headline: FEMA Did Not Answer Thousands of Flood Survivors’ Calls for Aid . Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe See more on: Federal Emergency Management Agency , Homeland Security Department , Kristi Noem , Donald Trump , U.S. Politics Share full article Related Content Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2025 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Accessibility Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Canada International Help Subscriptions Manage Privacy Preferences

- Families Wait for Word of Missing as Texas Floods Death Toll Hits 120 - The New York Timesbars: Officials defended their actions in the hardest-hit county, where no survivors have been found since Friday. Statewide, 173 people remain unaccounted for, the governor said. [https://nytimes.com/2025/07/09/us/texas-floods-missing-search.html]
FULL CONTENT (12588 chars): Families Wait for Word of Missing as Texas Floods Death Toll Hits 120 - The New York Times Skip to content Skip to site index U.S. Today’s Paper Floods in Texas What We Know Seeking Accountability FEMA Response The Search Praying for Respite Lives Lost Waterfront Campgrounds Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Supported by SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Families Wait for Word of Missing as Texas Floods Death Toll Hits 120 Officials defended their actions in the hardest-hit county, where no survivors have been found since Friday. Statewide, 173 people remain unaccounted for, the governor said. Listen to this article · 6:49 min Learn more Share full article 407 Search crews sought flood victims along the Guadalupe River near Center Point, Texas, on Tuesday. Credit... Loren Elliott for The New York Times By Edgar Sandoval and Pooja Salhotra Reporting from Kerr County, Texas Published July 9, 2025 Updated July 11, 2025 Leer en español Follow live updates as Trump visits Texas after deadly floods . Officials in Kerr County struggled to provide answers on Wednesday about their response to a devastating flood that swept through the Texas Hill Country nearly a week ago, killing at least 120 people statewide. The bulk of those deaths were in Kerr County, where the death roll reached 96 and officials said 161 people were still missing — a major increase from the numbers they were citing earlier in the week. Statewide, 173 people were unaccounted for as searchers continued to probe the muddy remains of cabins, campers and trailer parks. Pressed about possible lapses in disaster preparation, Gov. Greg Abbott announced an agenda on Wednesday for a special session of the State Legislature this month that includes consideration of flood warning systems. But the session, which was announced last month, will address 14 other topics, including tax cuts and further restricting abortion. Facing questions at a news conference on Wednesday about a lack of warning sirens and other aspects of their disaster response, officials in Kerr County gave an extensive account of rescue efforts as the Guadalupe River rose early on July 4, saying hundreds of people had been saved by local emergency crews. “They rescued people out of vehicles. They rescued people out of homes that were already flooded, pulling them out of windows,” said Officer Jonathan Lamb with the police department in Kerrville, the county’s largest city. He added, “I know that this tragedy, as horrific as it is, could have been so much worse.” Video transcript Back bars 0:00 / 1:16 - 0:00 transcript Texas Officials Defer Questions About Flood Disaster Preparation During a news conference on Wednesday, Kerr County officials recounted their response to the devastating flood in Central Texas on July 4. “First responders from emergency services throughout Kerr County promptly responded to the recent emergency as the situation unfolded. This incident will be reviewed. You have my word. When or if necessary, if improvements need to be made, improvements will be made.” “Folks, I don’t know how many lives our K.P.D. team saved in an hour in Kerrville, but I know that this tragedy, as horrific as it is, could have been so much worse.” “I believe those questions need to be answered to the family of the missing loved ones, to the public, to the people that put me in this office. And I want that answer. And we’re going to get that answer. We’re not running. We’re not going to hide from anything — that’s going to be checked into.” During a news conference on Wednesday, Kerr County officials recounted their response to the devastating flood in Central Texas on July 4. Credit Credit... Reuters But officials said other answers about preparations and response would have to wait for an extensive review. “If improvements need to be made, improvements will be made,” the county sheriff, Larry Leitha, said at the news conference. Asked about the timeline for when increasingly urgent warnings from the National Weather Service were shared with residents, the sheriff asked for more time. “I believe those questions need to be answered,” he told reporters, adding, “We’re going to get that answer. We’re not running. We’re not going to hide.” Governor Abbott, when asked similar questions on Tuesday about investigating what went wrong, referred to such inquiries as the “words of losers” and compared disaster response to football , saying only losing teams focused on their failures. The governor said state lawmakers, who cut property taxes by $51 billion this year while funding only a small portion of a backlog of flood management projects totaling some $54 billion across the state, would be focused on solutions instead, pointing to the upcoming special session. The wide-ranging agenda he announced on Wednesday included four specific items related to the floods, including a request to improve the early warning system and other preparedness infrastructure in flood-prone areas. The governor also asked lawmakers to strengthen emergency communications and other response infrastructure. The jam-packed legislative agenda also includes proposals to further reduce property taxes, regulate hemp-derived products, redraw the state’s congressional maps and restrict public knowledge about “unsubstantiated complaints” against police officers. Mr. Abbott released the agenda as the grim search for the missing spread further across Hill Country, and some family members received the news they had been dreading. A woman whose mother, stepfather, aunt, uncle and cousin were missing from the floods learned that the bodies of her mother and stepfather had been found. “To have her as a mother was a treasure I will forever cherish,” the woman, Hailey Chavarria, wrote in a Facebook post about her mother, Michelle Crossland. “I’m sorry it’s not the update anyone wanted.” The number of missing people cited by the governor on Tuesday far outstripped the number that local officials had previously acknowledged, suggesting that the statewide death toll could more than double. It’s unclear how the list of the missing was assembled, and officials did not answer inquiries about it on Tuesday evening. Jermaine Jarmon, 52, who lives north of Austin in Travis County, was among those awaiting news on Wednesday. His 16-year-old daughter, Felicity Jarmon, was still missing. Mr. Jarmon, also known as “J.J.,” had already received word that his longtime partner, Alissa Martin, 54, and his son Braxton Jarmon, 15, had died in the floods. The family was caught up in the fast-moving floodwaters that surged out of the creek running through their backyard. Mr. Jarmon said the family had heard no official warnings that the flood was coming. A neighbor alerted him, he said, not the fire department a mile away. “They could have gone up and down the street with sirens on,” he said. For now, as he waits for word of his daughter, Mr. Jarmon said he was trying to survive one day at a time. “That’s all I can do,” he said. “For the rest of my life.” The floods, striking at a region filled with summer camps and vacationing families, now stand among the deadliest U.S. disasters for children in several decades. In Kerr County alone, 36 children were killed, including many from Camp Mystic , a Christian summer camp for girls. Twenty-seven campers and staff members have been confirmed dead, according to the camp. The bodies of five campers and a 19-year-old counselor had not yet been recovered as of Wednesday morning, officials said. Where flash flooding killed dozens in Central Texas Deaths were reported across several counties as of Monday morning. Most of those killed were in Kerr County, home to an all-girls summer camp called Camp Mystic. --> Note: Another death was reported in Tom Green County, northwest of the map. In addition to the deaths in Kerr County, at least seven people were killed in Travis County, eight in Kendall County, five in Burnet County, three in Williamson County and one in Tom Green County. Stories of the lost continued to emerge on Wednesday. The daughter of Katheryn Eads, who was camping in Kerr County when the floods swept through, described her mother in an email to The New York Times, saying Dr. Eads had worked in early education as a psychologist, helping children in the foster care system, and then spent time as a college professor. “She was an incredible wife, daughter, mother, grandmother and person who spent her life helping kids,” wrote Dr. Eads’s daughter, Victoria Eads. Dr. Eads was camping in a trailer with her husband, Brian Eads, who survived by clinging to a tree. “We both got swept away, and then I lost her,” Mr. Eads said while searching for his wife at a church shelter on the day of the floods. He tried to swim through the swift-moving dark water toward her voice, he said, but lost track of her when he was struck in the head by flood debris. Reporting was contributed by Emily Cochrane , Jack Healy , Campbell Robertson and Jenna Russell . Edgar Sandoval covers Texas for The Times, with a focus on the Latino community and the border with Mexico. He is based in San Antonio. Pooja Salhotra covers breaking news across the United States. A version of this article appears in print on , Section A , Page 13 of the New York edition with the headline: Texas Death Toll Reaches at Least 119 As Search Continues for 173 Missing . Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe See more on: Greg Abbott Read 407 Comments Share full article 407 More on the Floods in Texas Camp Mystic’s Owners: For decades, Dick and Tweety Eastland presided over the summer camp with a kind of magisterial benevolence that alumni well past childhood still describe with awe . Returning to Ruins: Jacque White and her five children escaped the rising waters of the Guadalupe River just in time. Now they have to rebuild . Flash Flood Disasters: Scholars and designers of early warning systems say that there are still huge gaps in our ability to predict flash floods and warn those at risk. A Night of Terror: The half-mile stretch occupied by two waterfront campgrounds appears to have been one of the deadliest spots along the Guadalupe River in Central Texas during the flash floods. A Century of Floods at Camp Mystic: Within six years of opening, Camp Mystic was inundated with floodwaters. It was the first of many times . FEMA: Two days after catastrophic floods roared through Central Texas, the Federal Emergency Management Agency did not answer nearly two-thirds of calls to its disaster assistance line, according to documents reviewed by The New York Times. Texas Hill Country: The rivers etching the terrain are a beloved feature of the rapidly growing region. But the flooding was an agonizing reminder of the dangers they pose . Related Content Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Site Index Go to Home Page » News Home Page U.S. World Politics New York Education Sports Business Tech Science Weather The Great Read Obituaries Headway Visual Investigations The Magazine Arts Book Review Best Sellers Book List Dance Movies Music Pop Culture Television Theater Visual Arts Lifestyle Health Well Food Restaurant Reviews Love Travel Style Fashion Real Estate T Magazine Opinion Today&#x27;s Opinion Columnists Editorials Guest Essays Op-Docs Letters Sunday Opinion Opinion Video Opinion Audio More Audio Games Cooking Wirecutter The Athletic Jobs Video Graphics Trending Live Events Corrections Reader Center TimesMachine The Learning Network School of The NYT inEducation News Home Page U.S. World Politics New York Education Sports Business Tech Science Weather The Great Read Obituaries Headway Visual Investigations The Magazine Arts Book Review Best Sellers Book List Dance Movies Music Pop Culture Television Theater Visual Arts Lifestyle Health Well Food Restaurant Reviews Love Travel Style Fashion Real Estate T Magazine Opinion Today&#x27;s Opinion Columnists Editorials Guest Essays Op-Docs Letters Sunday Opinion Opinion Video Opinion Audio More Audio Games Cooking Wirecutter The Athletic Jobs Video Graphics Trending Live Events Corrections Reader Center TimesMachine The Learning Network School of The NYT inEducation Account Subscribe Manage My Account Home Delivery Gift Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Gift Articles Email Newsletters NYT Licensing Replica Edition Times Store Site Information Navigation © 2025 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Accessibility Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Canada International Help Subscriptions Manage Privacy Preferences

- Trump looks to quash criticism on natural disaster response during Texas visit | CNN PoliticsClose icon: [Summary not available] [https://www.cnn.com/2025/07/10/politics/trump-texas-flood-aftermath]
FULL CONTENT (19807 chars): Trump looks to quash criticism on natural disaster response during Texas visit | CNN Politics CNN values your feedback 1. How relevant is this ad to you? 2. Did you encounter any technical issues? Video player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues Ad never loaded Ad prevented/slowed the page from loading Content moved around while ad loaded Ad was repetitive to ads I&#x27;ve seen previously Other issues Cancel Submit Thank You! Your effort and contribution in providing this feedback is much appreciated. Close Ad Feedback Close icon Politics Trump Facts First CNN Polls 2025 Elections More Trump Facts First CNN Polls 2025 Elections Watch Listen Live TV Subscribe Sign in My Account Settings Newsletters Topics you follow Sign out Your CNN account Sign in to your CNN account Sign in My Account Settings Newsletters Topics you follow Sign out Your CNN account Sign in to your CNN account Live TV Listen Watch Edition US International Arabic Español Edition US International Arabic Español Trump Facts First CNN Polls 2025 Elections Follow CNN Politics US Crime + Justice World Africa Americas Asia Australia China Europe India Middle East United Kingdom Politics Trump Facts First CNN Polls 2025 Elections Business Tech Media Calculators Videos Markets Pre-markets After-Hours Fear &amp; Greed Investing Markets Now Nightcap Health Life, But Better Fitness Food Sleep Mindfulness Relationships Entertainment Movies Television Celebrity Tech Innovate Foreseeable Future Mission: Ahead Work Transformed Innovative Cities Style Arts Design Fashion Architecture Luxury Beauty Video Travel Destinations Food &amp; Drink Stay Videos Sports Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Olympics Hockey Science Space Life Unearthed Climate Solutions Weather Weather Video Climate Ukraine-Russia War Israel-Hamas War Watch Live TV CNN Headlines CNN Shorts Shows A-Z CNN10 CNN Max CNN TV Schedules FlashDocs Listen CNN 5 Things Chasing Life with Dr. Sanjay Gupta The Assignment with Audie Cornish One Thing Tug of War CNN Political Briefing The Axe Files All There Is with Anderson Cooper All CNN Audio podcasts CNN Underscored Electronics Fashion Beauty Health &amp; Fitness Home Reviews Deals Gifts Travel Outdoors Pets Games Daily Crossword Jumble Crossword Sudoblock Sudoku 5 Things Quiz About CNN Subscribe Photos Investigations CNN Profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters Work for CNN Trump looks to quash criticism on natural disaster response during Texas visit By Adam Cancryn and Betsy Klein , CNN 6 minute read Updated 1:57 PM EDT, Fri July 11, 2025 Link Copied! Follow: Donald Trump See your latest updates A search and rescue team looks for people along the Guadalupe River near a damaged building at Camp Mystic in Hunt, Texas, on July 7. Ronaldo Schemidt/AFP via Getty Images CNN &nbsp;&mdash;&nbsp; President Donald Trump is traveling to central Texas on Friday to survey the aftermath of a catastrophic flood that has killed more than 100 people and put his administration on the sudden defensive over its emergency response efforts. The flooding, which overwhelmed whole neighborhoods in a matter of minutes, has sparked mounting scrutiny of the government’s warning systems and rescue operations – including a fresh set of bureaucratic obstacles that slowed work by the Federal Emergency Management Agency in the earliest phases of the response. But Trump is expected to use the trip to tout the progress that search-and-rescue teams are making on the ground, in a show of solidarity aimed at quelling criticism and emphasizing the White House’s close coordination with Texas officials. “It’s a no-brainer – you go out there and you let people know you care about them,” said one person close to the White House. “President Trump does not want to see things like this happen on his watch. And he views himself as a fixer.” Trump, who will travel to Texas with first lady Melania Trump, is expected to meet with first responders in the area and receive a briefing from local elected officials, according to a White House official. The president is also planning to meet with some families who were affected by the flood, the official said. The trip has been designed, in part, to not interfere with ongoing search and rescue and recovery efforts. Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem, Texas Gov. Greg Abbott and Sen. Ted Cruz are among those expected to be on site with Trump as well. And Sen. John Cornyn, who is facing a bruising primary challenge from Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, is slated to travel aboard Air Force One with Trump, a Cornyn aide confirmed. The trip comes a day after Paxton’s wife filed for divorce, citing “biblical grounds” for ending their 38-year marriage. Trump has so far stayed neutral in the race. The trip marks the White House’s latest show of support for Texas’ recovery effort, even as Trump officials continue to push for downsizing the government’s emergency preparedness operations – or even eliminating FEMA altogether. And it represents a stark contrast with Trump’s attitude earlier this year toward California Gov. Gavin Newsom, whom he targeted with harsh criticism amid the blue state’s battle against devastating wildfires. Trump ultimately visited California in his first domestic trip after taking office, greeting Newsom on the tarmac upon his arrival. But the two have since continued to tussle over a request for billions of dollars in recovery aid for California that remains in limbo. “Would he do that with Texas? Probably not,” said one Republican operative close to the administration. “There is a difference in terms of how he approaches these things, depending on whether it’s a red state or a blue state.” In a statement, White House spokeswoman Abigail Jackson rejected the suggestion that Trump has taken different approaches to certain states based on their politics. “President Trump has led historic disaster recovery efforts in both California and North Carolina – he’s doing the same in Texas,” Jackson said, citing federal efforts to help quickly remove debris in southern California and support the cleanup process in western North Carolina. “Any claim that the President is giving certain states preferential treatment is not only wrong, it’s idiotic and misinformed.” Trump has targeted political opponents for their handling of natural disasters in the past, criticizing then-President Joe Biden following deadly wildfires in Hawaii in 2023 and fanning conspiracy theories about the Biden administration’s response in North Carolina to Hurricane Helene last year. Trump even briefly suggested Biden might be culpable in some way for the flooding in Texas, initially telling reporters that his predecessor was responsible for the water “setup.” It was unclear what he was referring to, and Trump quickly clarified he wasn’t blaming Biden. Since then, Trump and his top aides have avoided casting blame, while accusing critics of the administration’s response of trying to politicize a tragedy. The White House has maintained that the disaster was largely inescapable, while commending the efforts of Abbott – a close political ally – and other state and local officials. Danielle Alonzo walks with her son Krew at a memorial wall for flood victims in Kerrville, Texas, on Friday, July 11. Gerald Herbert/AP President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump shake hands with Kerrville police officers, as they visit the devastation along the banks of the Guadalupe River on Friday. Kevin Lamarque/Reuters People clear debris along the banks of the Guadalupe River in Center Point, Texas on Friday. Sergio Flores/Reuters Volunteers sort donations at the Center Point Elementary School on Thursday, July 10. Ashley Landis/AP A boat and other debris are seen stuck in damaged trees in Ingram, Texas, on Thursday. Joshua A. Bickel/AP Nancy Callery works to salvage belongings from her childhood home in Hunt, Texas, on Wednesday, July 9. "This is completely devastating for my whole family to the point that we haven't even told my mom because we don't want to worry her," said Callery. "This was our little bit of paradise." Brandon Bell/Getty Images A vehicle drives through a road in Hunt, still flooded by the waters of the Guadalupe River, on Wednesday. Umit Bektas/Reuters A damaged house is seen near the Guadalupe River in Hunt on Tuesday, July 8. Ronaldo Schemidt/AFP/Getty Images Texas Gov. Greg Abbott speaks at a news conference in Hunt on Tuesday. “We’re going to address every aspect of this storm to make sure that we’re going to have in place the systems that are needed to prevent deadly flooding events like this in the future,” he said. Brandon Bell/Getty Images A baby shoe is seen in Ingram on Tuesday. Jim Vondruska/Getty Images People mourn together during a vigil in San Antonio on Monday, July 7. Ronaldo Schemidt/AFP/Getty Images Mounted volunteers perform a search near Camp Mystic on Monday. The all-girls summer camp, which sits along the Guadalupe River, was ravaged by the flooding. Brandon Bell/Getty Images Firefighters from Ciudad Acuña, Mexico, gather for a briefing as they aid in search-and-rescue efforts in Ingram on Monday. Eli Hartman/AP Mud left by floodwaters partially covers a wall at Camp Mystic on Monday. Sergio Flores/Reuters Sen. Ted Cruz speaks at a news conference in Kerrville, Texas, on Monday. “If we could go back and do it again, we would evacuate,” the Texas Republican said. “Particularly those in the most vulnerable areas — the young children in the cabins closest to the water — we would remove them and get them to higher ground, if we could go back and do it again.” Jorge Salgado/Anadolu/Getty Images Authorities search for flood victims near the Blue Oak RV park in Kerrville on Sunday, July 6. Jordan Vonderhaar/The New York Times/Redux Community members pray for those impacted by the floods at the Notre Dame Catholic Church in Kerrville on Sunday. Desiree Rios/The Washington Post/Getty Images The sun sets over the Guadalupe River in Kerrville on Sunday. Brandon Bell/Getty Images Food and other supplies for flood victims are collected at the Hunt Baptist Church on Sunday. Jim Vondruska/Getty Images Volunteers prepare horses to join search-and-rescue crews near Ingram on Sunday. Carter Johnston/The New York Times/Redux A search-and-rescue worker looks through debris in Hunt on Sunday. Jim Vondruska/Getty Images A volunteer holds a Camp Mystic T-shirt and backpack in Comfort, Texas, on Sunday. Danielle Villasana/The Washington Post/Getty Images People react as they inspect an area outside Camp Mystic's sleeping quarters on Sunday. Julio Cortez/AP Avi Santos, a civilian volunteer from San Antonio, wades in the Guadalupe River. Jim Vondruska/Getty Images Salvaged photographs of the Rich family are displayed on a table in their home in Center Point, Texas, on Sunday. Brandon Bell/Getty Images A volunteer displays a "free food" sign for people in Center Point. Brandon Bell/Getty Images Search-and-rescue workers dig through debris in Hunt on Sunday. Jim Vondruska/Getty Images A helicopter flies overhead as volunteers search for flood victims in Kerr County. Sergio Flores/Reuters A woman reacts as churchgoers sing at a service in Kerrville on Sunday. Sergio Flores/Reuters An American flag and a shirt lie on the ground in Hunt on Sunday. Marco Bello/Reuters The daughter of the owner of Vintage Hair Co. looks at water lines on the wall of the destroyed salon in Ingram on Saturday, July 5. Carter Johnston/The New York Times/Redux A truck is impaled by a tree on the banks of the Guadalupe River on Saturday. Jim Vondruska/Getty Images People watch law enforcement officers and volunteers search for missing people near Camp Mystic. Ronaldo Schemidt/AFP/Getty Images A K-9 unit searches along the Guadalupe River near Camp Mystic on Saturday. Desiree Rios/The Washington Post/Getty Images Campers from Camp Waldemar, near the north fork of the Guadalupe River, embrace as they are reconnected with their families on Saturday. Jason Fochtman/Houston Chronicle/AP Items lie scattered inside a cabin at Camp Mystic on Saturday. Sergio Flores/Reuters Ruby Zhu looks at her mother, Zhou, as she inspects damage in Kerrville on Saturday. Sergio Flores/Reuters A toy sits on the ground outside of a cabin at Camp Mystic on Saturday. Ronaldo Schemidt/AFP/Getty Images A man vacuums water inside VFW Post 1480 in Kerrville on Saturday. Sergio Flores/Reuters A Texas flag is seen through the remnants of a destroyed vehicle near Hunt on Saturday. Eric Vryn/Getty Images A building is damaged at Camp Mystic on Saturday. Ronaldo Schemidt/AFP/Getty Images A sheriff's deputy pauses while combing through the banks of the Guadalupe River near Camp Mystic on Saturday. Julio Cortez/AP A person looks out at flooding in Kerrville on Saturday. Ronaldo Schemidt/AFP/Getty Images A sign is downed in Ingram on Saturday. Julio Cortez/AP People climb over debris on a bridge atop the Guadalupe River in Ingram on Saturday. Julio Cortez/AP A family portrait lies among flood debris in Kerrville on Friday, July 4. Eric Gay/AP A flooded Guadalupe River leaves fallen trees and debris in its wake in Kerrville on Friday. Carter Johnston/The New York Times/Redux Families hug at a reunification center in Ingram on Friday. Eric Gay/AP Thomas Rux, a resident of the Riverside RV Park in Ingram, looks through the wreckage of his RV after it was swept away by floodwaters on Friday. Christopher Lee/The San Antonio Express-News/AP A vehicle is overturned in Kerrville on Friday. Eric Gay/AP Houses and streets are flooded in San Angelo, Texas, on Friday. Patrick Keely/Reuters First responders deliver people to a reunification center in Ingram on Friday. Eric Gay/AP A woman watches floodwaters in Kerrville on Friday. Eric Vryn/Getty Images In pictures: Deadly flooding in Texas Prev Next “There’s never been a wave like this, outside of the breaking of a dam,” Trump said during a Cabinet meeting on Tuesday. “And this is the kind of thing that built up so fast, and it’s happened two or three times over the years, but not to this extent.” The White House has pushed back hard on suggestions that its policies weakened the government’s defenses against such disaster threats. Some Democrats had publicly fretted that deep cuts to the federal bureaucracy would end up restricting the staffing and resources available in emergency situations. After Democratic lawmakers, including Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, raised questions over whether efforts to reduce staff at the National Weather Service hampered forecasting of the heavy rains that caused the flash floods, White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt called it a “depraved lie.” “Many Democrat elected officials are trying to turn this into a political game, and it is not,” she said earlier this week. “This is a national tragedy.” Trump offi

---

TOPIC: Innovative Technology and Infrastructure

LIVE SEARCH SUMMARY:
{
  "stories": [
    {
      "headline": "Capacit'e Infraprojects Drives India's Digital Backbone with Next-Gen Data Centres",
      "engagement_total": 0,
      "x_posts": [],
      "supporting_articles": [
        "https://startupnews.fyi/2025/07/14/building-indias-digital-backbone-capacite-infraprojects-and-the-rise-of-next-gen-data-centres"
      ]
    },
    {
      "headline": "Conveyor Technology Advances Fuel Cell Infrastructure Development",
      "engagement_total": 0,
      "x_posts": [],
      "supporting_articles": [
        "https://www.roboticstomorrow.com/news/2025/07/14/conveyor-technology-for-fuel-cells/25181/"
      ]
    },
    {
      "headline": "Institutional Infrastructure Evolves in Asia Pacific Crypto Markets with Bitcoin Integration",
      "engagement_total": 0,
      "x_posts": [],
      "supporting_articles": [
        "https://beincrypto.com/institutional-infrastructure-shift-sui"
      ]
    },
    {
      "headline": "MatchMove Recognized for Embedded F

X POSTS FROM SEARCH (0):
None found

SUPPORTING ARTICLES (7):
- [Article from www.reuters.com]: [Content not accessible] [https://www.reuters.com/technology/]
FULL CONTENT (0 chars): [Content not accessible]

- Building India’s Digital Backbone: Capacit’e Infraprojects and the Rise of Next-Gen Data Centres: Mumbai (Maharashtra) , July 14: India’s increased dependence on digital tools across business, governance, and consumer services has led to a sharp rise in [https://startupnews.fyi/2025/07/14/building-indias-digital-backbone-capacite-infraprojects-and-the-rise-of-next-gen-data-centres]
FULL CONTENT (7577 chars): Building India’s Digital Backbone: Capacit’e Infraprojects and the Rise of Next-Gen Data Centres Startup Events #Apple #ElonMusk #OpenAI Search GITEX Asia 2025 | Singapore | April 23 &#8211; 25 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Privacy Policy Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. StartupNews.fyi &#8211; Startup &amp; Technology News Startup Events #Apple #ElonMusk #OpenAI AI Fintech Tech Blockchain eCommerce Government Edtech Funding Mobility AI Fintech Tech Blockchain eCommerce Government Edtech Funding Mobility Building India’s Digital Backbone: Capacit’e Infraprojects and the Rise of Next-Gen Data Centres July 14, 2025 , By PNN Business Share via: Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Linkedin Mumbai (Maharashtra) [India], July 14: India’s increased dependence on digital tools across business, governance, and consumer services has led to a sharp rise in data volumes. As organisations move core functions to the cloud and expand AI-driven operations, demand for efficient data storage and computing infrastructure continues to grow. The requirement is no longer limited to capacity but extends to energy efficiency, security, and scalability. India currently has 977 MW of installed data centre capacity across its top seven cities,&#8230; Source link Disclaimer We strive to uphold the highest ethical standards in all of our reporting and coverage. We StartupNews.fyi want to be transparent with our readers about any potential conflicts of interest that may arise in our work. It’s possible that some of the investors we feature may have connections to other businesses, including competitors or companies we write about. However, we want to assure our readers that this will not have any impact on the integrity or impartiality of our reporting. We are committed to delivering accurate, unbiased news and information to our audience, and we will continue to uphold our ethics and principles in all of our work. Thank you for your trust and support. Previous News Musk says he does not support merger between Tesla and xAI Next News Ex-ShareChat CXO Shashank Shekhar’s new startup to raise $4 Mn led by Peak XV PNN Popular Microsoft to Introduce Voice Reporting Feature for Xbox ConsumerTech Team SNFYI - September 6, 2023 Adobe teams up with India&#8217;s Education Ministry for creative learning initiative Artificial Intelligence Team SNFYI - September 6, 2023 Meta May Allow Instagram and Facebook Users in Europe to Pay to Avoid Ads Social Media Team SNFYI - September 4, 2023 Indian fintechs amplify payments soundbox pitches to woo merchants FinTech Team SNFYI - September 4, 2023 Fintech Unicorn Pine Labs Launches Mini — A QR-First Device With Card Support FinTech Team SNFYI - September 4, 2023 More Like this IPO-bound AI company Fractal bags $170 million at $2.44 billion valuation Funding July 15, 2025 Fintech majors are counting on co-branded cards in returns play Tech July 15, 2025 EU likely to shelve digital tax plan that would target Apple Tech July 15, 2025 TCS rolls out 100% Q1 variable pay for 70%+ employees IT July 15, 2025 Rising Crypto Crime Driven by Lack of Oversight and Retail FOMO Blockchain July 15, 2025 Crypto currency may render recognised money untraceable: Delhi HC Tech July 15, 2025 Load more Building India’s Digital Backbone: Capacit’e Infraprojects and the Rise of Next-Gen Data Centres July 14, 2025 , Published By PNN Business Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Linkedin Mumbai (Maharashtra) [India], July 14: India’s increased dependence on digital tools across business, governance, and consumer services has led to a sharp rise in data volumes. As organisations move core functions to the cloud and expand AI-driven operations, demand for efficient data storage and computing infrastructure continues to grow. The requirement is no longer limited to capacity but extends to energy efficiency, security, and scalability. India currently has 977 MW of installed data centre capacity across its top seven cities,&#8230; Source link Disclaimer We strive to uphold the highest ethical standards in all of our reporting and coverage. We StartupNews.fyi want to be transparent with our readers about any potential conflicts of interest that may arise in our work. It’s possible that some of the investors we feature may have connections to other businesses, including competitors or companies we write about. However, we want to assure our readers that this will not have any impact on the integrity or impartiality of our reporting. We are committed to delivering accurate, unbiased news and information to our audience, and we will continue to uphold our ethics and principles in all of our work. Thank you for your trust and support. Website Upgradation is going on for any glitch kindly connect at office@startupnews.fyi Previous News Musk says he does not support merger between Tesla and xAI Next News Ex-ShareChat CXO Shashank Shekhar’s new startup to raise $4 Mn led by Peak XV PNN More like this IPO-bound AI company Fractal bags $170 million at $2.44... Funding The Economic Times - July 15, 2025 Artificial intelligence (AI) analytics firm Fractal Analytics has... Fintech majors are counting on co-branded cards in returns... Tech The Economic Times - July 15, 2025 Major Indian fintechs operating on the UPI network... EU likely to shelve digital tax plan that would... Tech 9to5mac - July 15, 2025 Just ahead of its next multi-year budget proposal,... Load more Popular Block title All Featured All time popular More Blinkit plans transition to inventory led model from September 1; pings sellers to switch Google unveils open-source AI innovations to strengthen Indian agriculture, reflect culture OnePlus Nord 5, Nord CE 5 launched in India: Price, specs, launch offers and... The Morning Show season 4 is all about questioning what’s true, here’s the trailer Issue Subscribed 72% On Day 2 So Far Try 1Password for free to save $20 (and all your unique passwords) for Prime... Twitter founder Jack Dorsey launches Bitchat, a decentralised messaging platform Upcoming Events I-Propel Acceleration Program | online | July 1 - Sept 30 Book Now Read more STARTUP EXPO 2025 | Bengaluru | July 11-12 Book Now Read more FinXtex | Malaysia | July 14 Book Now Read more AirPort Modernization Summit | Delhi | July 16-17 Book Now Read more Founder Investors Community | Hyderabad | 16 July Book Now Read more View all IPTV Portugal iptvdfgdfs iptvdfgdfs iptvdfgdfs iptvdfgdfs IPTV IPTV IPTV IPTV IPTV IPTV IPTV StartupNews.fyi StartupNews.fyi is India's leading news & Technology media company that focuses on Startups in India and to stories across the globe. Events Advertise with us Our Partners Privacy Policy Return and Refund Policy Terms and conditions About Us Startup Information that matters. Get in your inbox Daily! Subscribe Newsletter Signup Form! Newsletter_form &#916; Subscribe Enter your email address Submit Facebook Instagram Linkedin Twitter WhatsApp © 2025 StartupNews.fyi | DOTFYI Media Ventures Private Limited. All Rights Reserved. StartupNews.fyi StartupNews.fyi is India's leading news & Technology media company that focuses on Startups in India and to stories across the globe. About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms and conditions Return and Refund Policy Advertise with us Partners Startup News Startup Events Facebook Instagram Linkedin Twitter WhatsApp © 2025 StartupNews.fyi | DOTFYI Media Ventures Private Limited. All Rights Reserved. --> --> --> @ Delhi - 22nd July--> --> --> -->

- Technology - The New York Times: Technology industry news, commentary and analysis, with reporting on big tech, startups, and internet culture. [https://www.nytimes.com/section/technology]
FULL CONTENT (5575 chars): Technology - The New York Times Skip to content Skip to site index Technology Today’s Paper Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Supported by SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Technology DealBook Markets Economy Energy Media Technology Personal Tech Small Business Your Money Mutual Funds &amp; ETFs Highlights Their Water Taps Ran Dry When Meta Built Next Door In the race to develop artificial intelligence, tech giants are building data centers that guzzle up water. That has led to problems for people who live nearby. By Eli Tan and Dustin Chambers Credit Meta’s New Superintelligence Lab Is Discussing Major A.I. Strategy Changes Members of the lab, including the new chief A.I. officer, Alexandr Wang, have talked about abandoning Meta’s most powerful open source A.I. model in favor of developing a closed one. By Eli Tan Credit Jason Andrew for The New York Times Cognition AI Buys Windsurf as A.I. Frenzy Escalates The deal follows Google’s $2.4 billion investment in Windsurf, an A.I. start-up, as companies race to gain technological talent and provide A.I. tools. By Mike Isaac How the Deep Sea Cables That Power the World Are Made The conduits, which are spooled in big stacks on a boat before being buried in an underwater trench, are a crucial part of the grid as demand for electricity increases. By Stanley Reed and Juho Kuva Credit Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Personal Technology More in Personal Technology › Is A.I. the Future of Web Browsing? A test of the app Dia illustrates that the humble web browser may be the path to making artificial intelligence more natural to use. By Brian X. Chen Credit Sisi Yu How to Organize Your Digital Library If the e-book app on your phone or tablet is overflowing and full of outdated files, use these tools to tidy it up. By J. D. Biersdorfer Credit Apple Everyone Is Using A.I. for Everything. Is That Bad? Either way, let’s not be in denial about it. By Kevin Roose and Casey Newton Credit Illustration by Christoph Niemann Nintendo Switch 2 Review: Bigger and Better, for a Higher Price The hardware improvements in the new $450 Nintendo will make this an automatic upgrade for fans of the two-in-one console. By Brian X. Chen Credit Chona Kasinger for The New York Times Bill Atkinson, Who Made Computers Easier to Use, Is Dead at 74 A designer for Apple, he created software that made it possible to display shapes, images and text on the screen and present a simulated “desktop.” By John Markoff Credit Michel Baret/Gamma-Rapho, via Getty Latest Search Search Clear this text input Daniel Kleppner, Physicist Who Brought Precision to GPS, Dies at 92 He worked to develop an atomic clock that is essential to global positioning systems and helped confirm a rare state of matter predicted by Albert Einstein. By Dylan Loeb McClain Grok Chatbot Mirrored X Users’ ‘Extremist Views’ in Antisemitic Posts, xAI Says Elon Musk’s artificial intelligence company said its Grok chatbot had also undergone a code update that caused it to share antisemitic messages this week. By Kate Conger Google Hires A.I. Leaders From a Start-Up Courted by OpenAI In a $2.4 billion deal, Google recruited the chief executive and a co-founder of Windsurf, which OpenAI had been in talks to buy, as the battle to dominate artificial intelligence escalates. By Tripp Mickle and Mike Isaac Trump’s Purge of Foreign Workers Arrives at Amazon’s Warehouses The tech giant has quietly shed warehouse employees whose work authorizations were revoked after the Trump administration ended a Biden-era immigration program. By Miriam Jordan and Karen Weise Bodyguards Using Fitness App Revealed Locations of Swedish Leaders Secret meetings and private holidays of the royal family and prime minister were inadvertently made public on Strava, which has raised security concerns in other instances. By Lynsey Chutel Interesting Times: A Mind-Bending Conversation with Peter Thiel The original tech right power player on A.I., Mars and immortality. By Ross Douthat, Sophia Alvarez Boyd, Andrea Betanzos, Elisa Gutierrez, Katherine Sullivan, Jordana Hochman, Isaac Jones, Sophia Lanman, Tim Brow, Sonia Herrero, Pat McCusker and Aman Sahota Nvidia Becomes First Public Company Worth $4 Trillion The A.I. chip maker reached the landmark before Apple and Microsoft, as its value rose more than tenfold after ChatGPT’s release in late 2022. By Tripp Mickle, Karl Russell and Blacki Migliozzi Leer en español 阅读简体中文版 閱讀繁體中文版 Trump Seeks to Cut Basic Scientific Research by Roughly One-Third, Report Shows An analysis by the American Association for the Advancement of Science shows the impact of the administration’s budget plan on the kind of studies that produce the most breakthroughs. By William J. Broad European Union Unveils Rules for Powerful A.I. Systems Makers of the most advanced artificial intelligence systems face obligations for transparency, copyright protection and public safety. The rules are not enforceable until next year. By Adam Satariano A.I.-Generated Images of Child Sexual Abuse Are Flooding the Internet Organizations that track the material are reporting a surge in A.I. images and videos, which are threatening to overwhelm law enforcement. By Cecilia Kang Page 1 of 10 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2025 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Accessibility Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Canada International Help Subscriptions Manage Privacy Preferences

- Startup news and updates: Daily roundup (July 14, 2025) | YourStory: YourStory presents the daily news roundup from the Indian startup ecosystem and beyond. Here's the roundup for Monday, July 14, 2025.
 [https://yourstory.com/2025/07/startup-news-and-updates-daily-roundup-july-14-2025]
FULL CONTENT (16085 chars): Startup news and updates: Daily roundup (July 14, 2025) | YourStory Brands Discover Events Newsletter More The Captable AI Story SMB Story HerStory Social Story Enterprise Story YS life YS Hindi YS Tamil YSTV Follow Us Daily Newsletter Subscribe By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Brands Discover Events Newsletter More Follow Us Sign In Founder first Just In Brands Resources YSTV Events Newsletter Stories Brands Resources Stories General In-Depth Announcement Reports News Funding Startup Sectors Women in tech Sportstech Agritech E-Commerce Education Lifestyle Entertainment Art &amp; Culture Travel &amp; Leisure Curtain Raiser Wine and Food YSTV ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us News Startup news and updates: Daily roundup (July 14, 2025) YourStory presents the daily news roundup from the Indian startup ecosystem and beyond. Here&#x27;s the roundup for Monday, July 14, 2025. Team YS 15678 Stories Monday July 14, 2025 , 10 min Read FOLLOW US From Ola Electric's widening YoY losses amid a 50% revenue drop to SoftwareOne India and Microsoft launching SaMBIT to support SMB digital adoption, YourStory brings you today’s headlines with the latest developments across sectors. Featured stories: Missing growth capital, subpar demand: The free-rider problem clouding India’s climate-tech segment In 2021, BlackRock ’s CEO Larry Fink heralded the advent of a new category of unicorns. “It is my belief that the next 1,000 unicorns…won’t be a search engine, won’t be a media company, they’ll be businesses developing green hydrogen, green agriculture, green steel and green cement,” he said at the Middle East Green Initiative Summit in Riyadh. Today, financial institutions like BlackRock no longer look at climate risk as an environmental issue but as a material financial risk. The asset manager, along with Singapore investment firm Temasek, has backed thermal battery maker Antora Energy and ConnectDER which develops technology to streamline distributed energy resources, among other companies.&nbsp; Then there are unicorns like US-based Commonwealth Fusion Systems—backed by Tiger Global, Temasek, and Bill Gates —working on fusion energy, and Arcadia, which has built a utility and data energy solutions platform.&nbsp;In India, climate tech startups with the potential to become unicorns are missing. Despite the initial excitement, innovation has been slow and funding abysmal, except for electric vehicle makers.&nbsp; Read more Reimagining pain relief: How Curapod is challenging the status status quo in musculoskeletal care India’s healthcare system has made commendable progress in managing acute diseases. Yet, management of chronic musculoskeletal pain—impacting nearly 19.3% of the population—remains largely underserved. Most patients still rely on long-term painkillers, steroid injections, or expensive physiotherapy sessions. These approaches, while prevalent, come with known risks: side effects, high recurring costs, and the potential for dependency. Challenging this status quo is Curapod, a non-invasive, wearable device developed by Litemed, leveraging photobiomodulation therapy to provide targeted relief.&nbsp; The technology uses specific wavelengths of light to stimulate cellular repair and reduce inflammation, bringing a hospital-grade intervention into the user’s home, without a long-term, systemic impact Read more &nbsp; Latest news: Ola Electric losses widen YoY as revenue falls 50% Electric scooter maker Ola Electric 's loss has widened year-on-year for the quarter ended June 2025, as intensifying competition and a post-subsidy slowdown in the EV market halved the company's revenue. The company’s consolidated net loss widened to Rs 428 crore in the first quarter of FY26, compared with Rs 347 crore a year earlier. Revenue from operations fell 49.6% year-on-year from Rs 1,644 crore to Rs 828 crore, as deliveries dropped to 68,192 units, down from 1,25,198 units a year ago. However, revenue rose sequentially from Rs 611 crore in the March quarter, suggesting a partial recovery in volume and/or price realisation. Meanwhile, the Bhavish Aggarwal -led firm managed to cut its losses sharply from the previous quarter, when it posted a loss of Rs 870 crore, reflecting improved cost control and early gains from its turnaround strategy. Read more SpaceX to invest $2B in Elon Musk’s xAI: Report SpaceX is set to invest $2 billion in Elon Musk’s AI venture xAI as part of a broader $5 billion equity financing round, strengthening the ties between the billionaire’s technology enterprises, reports The Wall Street Journal. The fresh capital investment comes on the heels of xAI’s merger with X (formerly Twitter) placing the combined company’s valuation at $113 billion.The report added that the deal also positions xAI’s Grok chatbot to enhance Starlink support and earmarks it for future deployment in Tesla’s Optimus robots. Responding to speculations on whether Tesla could join the $5 billion equity round for his AI startup xAI, Elon Musk responded via X, “It would be great, but subject to board and shareholder approval.” Despite recent criticism over Grok’s output, Musk has described the chatbot as “the smartest AI in the world,” with the AI firm continuing to invest heavily in model training and infrastructure. Read more Other news: MediBuddy opens new office in Indore to strengthen regional operations Digital healthcare platform MediBuddy has launched a new office in Indore as part of its strategy to expand beyond metro cities and tap into emerging talent across Tier II and Tier III regions. The office, located at Nextcoworks in Vijay Nagar, will support round-the-clock digital operations, customer service, and delivery functions. The Indore facility is positioned to become a key regional hub, enabling MediBuddy to scale its presence in central India while creating employment opportunities in the area. The company is currently hiring for roles across operations, customer support, sales, IT, and allied functions to build a regionally focused team. edForce Partners with Linux Foundation APAC to advance open-source talent development in India Skilling platform edForce has announced a partnership with Linux Foundation APAC as an Authorized Training Partner to expand access to open-source training and certification in India. The collaboration aims to accelerate the development of talent in key areas such as Linux, Kubernetes, DevOps, and cloud-native technologies. Under this partnership, edForce will deliver official Linux Foundation programs through its CloudLabs platform, offering enterprises hands-on, job-ready training aligned with the demands of modern IT infrastructure and digital transformation. The Linux Foundation supports over 980 open-source projects and is backed by more than 830,000 developers globally. Linux powers more than 90% of public cloud infrastructure and is used on 100% of the world’s top 500 supercomputers. Kubernetes, another key focus area, is adopted by over 90% of organizations using containers. In addition to certifications, the partnership includes webinars, custom workshops, and community engagement programs across industries such as IT, telecom, BFSI, healthcare, and manufacturing. The goal is to support enterprises in future-proofing their workforce with globally benchmarked open-source capabilities. SoftwareOne India and Microsoft launch SaMBIT to support SMB digital adoption SoftwareOne India, in collaboration with Microsoft , has launched SaMBIT, an initiative aimed at helping India’s small and medium businesses ( SMBs ) improve productivity, enhance security, and adopt AI in a structured, scalable manner. Timed with Global SMB Day, the campaign introduces tailored Microsoft solution bundles catering to different stages of digital maturity. The offerings range from entry-level packages for businesses beginning digital transformation to advanced bundles for companies scaling with AI. These include tools such as Microsoft 365, Copilot, Intune, and identity management solutions, along with deployment and productivity support. The initiative also features a Copilot Readiness and Assessment Package, offering workshops on licensing, compliance, and security audits. In addition, Security Immersion Workshops simulate real-world cyber threats to help SMBs understand and manage digital risks. Sennheiser Taps Convertway by Unicommerce to boost online sales and cart recovery Audio brand Sennheiser, part of the Swiss-headquartered Sonova Consumer Hearing Business Group, has integrated Unicommerce’s Convertway platform to strengthen its digital sales and customer engagement in India. The partnership will enable Sennheiser to streamline order communication and improve cart recovery through personalized WhatsApp and SMS campaigns. Customers can now place prepaid orders directly via WhatsApp, while automated updates on order confirmation, delivery, and payment status will be sent from the brand’s website. The focus of the integration is addressing rising online shopping cart abandonment—now estimated at over 70% globally. Convertway’s real-time analytics and automated retargeting are aimed at guiding undecided shoppers back to checkout and reducing return-to-origin (RTO) rates. Also Read Ola Electric shares surge over 15% on strong FY26 outlook, despite widening YoY loss Ageas Federal Life Insurance launches sector leaders fund, a first among life insurers Ageas Federal Life Insurance has announced the launch of its India Sector Leaders Fund, becoming the first life insurance company in India to offer such a sector-based equity fund. The fund, aimed at medium- to long-term investors, will be available at a flat Net Asset Value (NAV) of Rs 10 during a limited-period New Fund Offer (NFO) starting July 14. The fund is designed to invest in leading stocks from the BSE India Sector Leaders Index across 22 sectors, based on the India Industry Classification Structure. It aims to provide broad market exposure while minimising concentration risk through a diversified portfolio. With this product, Ageas Federal Life Insurance expands its suite of investment-linked offerings, catering to policyholders looking to participate in domestic equities through their insurance plans. Founded in 2008, Ageas Federal Life Insurance is a joint venture between European insurer Ageas and India’s Federal Bank. As of March 31, 2025, the company manages assets worth over Rs 18,956 crore and has issued more than 19.71 lakh policies with a sum assured exceeding Rs 1.87 lakh crore. Rosmerta Group wins Rs 166.69 cr BOOT Project to develop automated driving test tracks in Maharashtra Rosmerta Group has secured a Rs 166.69 crore Build-Own-Operate-Transfer (BOOT) contract to establish 10 Automated Driving Testing Tracks (ADTTs) across Maharashtra. The five-year project aims to introduce AI-driven, contactless driving assessments and enhance road safety infrastructure in the state. The upcoming tracks will be developed in Sindhudurg, Sangli, Akluj, Osmanabad, Jalna, Hingoli, Yavatmal, Wardha, Bhandara, and Gadchiroli. These facilities will feature fully automated testing systems equipped with real-time video analytics, face-recognition for applicant verification, and AI-based evaluation engines—designed to eliminate human bias and ensure objective assessment of driving skills. Rosmerta’s patented ADTT system includes advanced features such as night driving simulations, slope tracking, reverse S and parking tests, along with customizable test parameters. The infrastructure supports live analytics and captures violations using feeds from multiple cameras. The company currently operates 12 government-run ADTTs in Delhi and has conducted over 1.6 million automated driving tests to date. This Maharashtra project further strengthens Rosmerta’s role in modernizing India’s driver testing ecosystem. Radisson Hotel Group strengthens hospitality workforce with Nationwide Skilling Programs Radisson Hotel Group (RHG) is strengthening its workforce development efforts in India through various skilling and employment programs aimed at preparing youth for hospitality roles. With 130 operational hotels and 77 more underway, RHG has partnered with the Tourism &amp; Hospitality Skill Council (THSC) and The Job Plus to train over 300 youth in housekeeping, food and beverage service, and front office operations through a 300-hour program aligned with NSQF Level 4 certification. A special focus is on Jammu &amp; Kashmir, where 70 individuals—34% of them women—from districts like Kathua, Rajouri, and Doda are being trained. RHG is also part of the Youth Employment Program by the Sustainable Hospitality Alliance, with 85% of participants securing employment. Collaborations with the Institute of Hotel Management and partners like Heinz Pro and Job Plus support structured internships and a five-month program on soft and technical skills. Internally, RHG promotes talent growth, with over 70% of its General Managers rising through the ranks, supported by its Radisson Academy Online platform, which has delivered 92,000+ training hours and 111,000+ certificates. Medicaps University partners with Hettich and Intel to enhance industry-focused learning Medicaps University has entered strategic partnerships with Hettich and Intel to enhance industry-aligned education through practical, hands-on learning. In collaboration with Hettich, the university will establish a Center of Excellence focused on smart furniture technologies, automation, and advanced manufacturing , offering certifications, internships, and placement opportunities for Mechanical, Production, and Mechatronics Engineering students. Hettich India MD Andre Eckholt visited the campus for the MoU signing and interactions with students. Meanwhile, Intel will set up an Intel Unnati Lab to support a specialized B.Tech program in Computer Science Engineering with a focus on AI and Data Analytics. The lab will provide access to high-performance computing tools, with Intel contributing to curriculum design and offering internship support. Together, these initiatives aim to bridge the academia-industry gap and equip students with future-ready skills. The copy will be updated throughout the day ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us MOST VIEWED STORIES 1 Innovation Rajasthan 2035: Col Rajyavardhan Rathore unveils a vision where policy meets innovation 2 Tech for Social Impact Inside vivo’s classroom of changemakers and its bold bet on youth, tech, and social impact 3 Events Why real time, resilience, and readiness are the new baselines for scalable data systems 4 Entrepreneurship Bihar Idea Festival portal goes live: A new dawn for Bihar startups 5 Books The 5 most translated books th

- Opinion | Investing in infrastructure is investing in Alabama’s future: With the right investment and prioritized planning, we will not only recover from this missed opportunity—we will rise stronger. [https://www.alreporter.com/2025/07/14/opinion-investing-in-infrastructure-is-investing-in-alabamas-future/]
FULL CONTENT (9048 chars): Opinion | Investing in infrastructure is investing in Alabama’s future Home News State National Opinion Podcast Newsletter Contact About Privacy Policy Connect with us Hi, what are you looking for? About Contact Newsletter Podcast Alabama Political Reporter Elections A million dollar problem with Alabama campaign finance laws Forestry Association endorses Jack Williams for agriculture commissioner Fertility lawyer AshLeigh Dunham wants the state Supreme Court to represent Alabama Joshua Brown launches Bay Minette mayoral campaign BCA endorses Clint Hollingsworth in House District 12 special election Governor Bo Offord to lead Alabama Medicaid as Stephanie Azar moves to SEIB Gov. Ivey deploys search and rescue team to Texas Opinion | Reappointing Gwathney would be a grave mistake for Alabama justice Gov. Ivey praises results of Montgomery Metro Area Crime Suppression Unit Gov. Ivey announces $23.2 million in SEEDS grants to boost Alabama’s economic growth Legislature Lawmakers continue pursuit to push joint custody Lawmakers will try again next year to rename Gulf of Mexico New bill would give citizens avenue to directly petition for laws State Senator re-files bill to make removing Confederate monuments prohibitively expensive Prefiled bill would require ignition interlock devices for first-time DUI offenders Economy Alabama climbs to 19th in CNBC business rankings, workforce sees big gains Ivey celebrates “Made in the USA” Day with praise for Alabama manufacturers NFIB: 36 percent of small businesses report unfilled jobs in June survey Sloss Tech Pitch Competition winner awarded $50K to grow innovative startup Gov. Ivey announces $23.2 million in SEEDS grants to boost Alabama’s economic growth National Rep. Sewell demands Trump administration release $7 billion in withheld education funding Rep. Aderholt celebrates 105th birthday of Roy Drinkard, oldest living U.S. Marine Rep. Strong appointed to US-China Human Rights Commission Rep. Figures leads bipartisan effort to introduce NIL bill to establish national framework Rep. Sewell renews push to improve access to prenatal care for military families Education Alabama expands nationally recognized First Class Pre-K with 58 new classrooms Rep. Sewell demands Trump administration release $7 billion in withheld education funding Tuscaloosa City Board of Education votes to sue state over online sales tax Alabama’s anti-DEI law is chilling university instruction, court documents show ALSBOE reviews RAISE Act funding rollout and oversight measures Health Prefiled bill would overhaul Alabama&#8217;s new hemp regulation law Medicaid cuts could exacerbate healthcare disparities in Alabama&#8217;s Black Belt The Renewal Project announces statewide launch EPA data shows 165M people exposed to ‘forever chemicals’ in U.S. drinking water Alabama Medical Association thanks Trump for prioritizing doctor visa applications Opinion Opinion | Investing in infrastructure is investing in Alabama’s future Opinion | The battle within: What shapes our political convictions Opinion | Epstein ordeal exposes the true Donald Trump Opinion | Jabari Peoples shooting is another (missed) opportunity for police transparency Opinion | I support rescheduling cannabis—here’s why you should, too Infrastructure Opinion | Investing in infrastructure is investing in Alabama’s future With the right investment and prioritized planning, we will not only recover from this missed opportunity—we will rise stronger. By Phillip Rigsby Published on July 14, 2025 at 7:28 am CDT STOCK Recently, Alabama received disappointing news that the FBI has decided not to relocate its training headquarters to Huntsville. While the FBI reaffirmed its long-term commitment to Redstone Arsenal as a strategic hub, the final decision to place the training facility elsewhere was influenced by one major factor: infrastructure. This decision should serve as a wake-up call—not just for North Alabama, but for the entire state. The failure to secure this major federal project wasn’t because of a lack of talent, technology, or trust. It came down to roads. Congestion. Delays. Insufficient capacity for the rapid growth we are experiencing. In short, our infrastructure isn’t keeping pace with our progress. We must face this reality with urgency and resolve. As your state representative, I am calling for immediate and sustained federal and state investment in the critical transportation arteries of North Alabama. These projects are no longer just “nice to have”—they are essential if we want to compete on the national and global stage. First, the widening and expansion of I-565 is long overdue. While work has begun, the project needs to be finished quickly. This corridor is the backbone of regional connectivity between Huntsville, Madison, and Decatur, and it is increasingly a bottleneck for residents, workers, and freight. If we want to continue attracting high-level federal operations like the FBI, this interstate must be modernized to accommodate current and future demands. Sign up for our daily newsletter The Day's Scoop: Your daily email briefing on all things Alabama politics. By clicking subscribe, you agree to our privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. Second, the interchange at I-565 and Memorial Parkway—one of the most congested and complex intersections in North Alabama—must be redesigned and expanded. Every day, thousands of commuters, military personnel, and contractors sit in traffic at this junction. Without an efficient, high-capacity interchange, we will continue to lose time, productivity, and opportunity. Third, we must prioritize the widening and improvement of Highway 72 from Providence Main to Limestone County. This stretch of road is in the heart of my district and is a key commercial and residential lifeline for the region, yet it remains outdated and strained. As growth continues westward toward Athens and beyond, this route must evolve into a modern corridor capable of handling increased volume safely and efficiently. Lastly, we must commit to the expansion of Highway 53 from Ardmore to Huntsville. This critical north-south route serves thousands of daily commuters and connects rural communities to the Huntsville metropolitan area. The current two-lane configuration cannot handle the traffic demands placed upon it, especially as population growth accelerates in surrounding areas. Upgrading Highway 53 will enhance safety, reduce travel times, and open the door for further economic development across North Alabama. Advertisement. Scroll to continue reading. The FBI’s decision was painful, but it also offers clarity. We cannot afford to play catch-up with infrastructure. We must get ahead of it. That means working together—Democrats and Republicans, local leaders and federal partners—to make bold investments in Alabama’s future. Infrastructure is not just about roads and bridges. It’s about jobs. It’s about security. It’s about whether we are prepared to lead in the 21st century. I believe in the promise and people of North Alabama. And I believe that with the right investment and prioritized planning, we will not only recover from this missed opportunity—we will rise stronger and more prepared than ever before. Let this moment be our turning point. Phillip Rigsby Advertisement Trending Congress Rep. Sewell demands Trump administration release $7 billion in withheld education funding Prisons Board of Pardons and Paroles to hold hearings this week following appointment of new chair Elections A million dollar problem with Alabama campaign finance laws Economy Alabama climbs to 19th in CNBC business rankings, workforce sees big gains Featured Opinion Opinion | The battle within: What shapes our political convictions Education Alabama expands nationally recognized First Class Pre-K with 58 new classrooms Legislature Lawmakers continue pursuit to push joint custody Advertisement More from APR Economy Alabama climbs to 19th in CNBC business rankings, workforce sees big gains Workforce development and cost of living improvements lift state, but challenges in infrastructure, healthcare, and capital access remain. Bill Britt 6 hours ago Aerospace and Defense Drew Hicks joins Huntsville-based defense contract Minerva Defense Hicks joined Minerva Defense as vice president for test and evaluation instrumentation programs, bringing over 15 years of defense technology experience. Staff June 18, 2025 Elections Chad Chig Martin&#8217;s final campaign centers around uniting Alabama Chad Chig Martin’s final campaign is a grassroots effort focused on trust in government and serving the people of Alabama. Mary Claire Wooten June 6, 2025 Aerospace and Defense Proposed major cuts to NASA would likely hit Huntsville heavily NASA’s 2026 budget request would cut funding by almost a quarter and end Huntsville-based projects like the Space Launch System. Chance Phillips June 2, 2025 Home State National Elections Podcast Newsletter About Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright © Alabama Political Reporter

- Institutional Infrastructure Shift | Asia Pacific Morning Brief - BeInCrypto: Asia Pacific crypto markets show institutional infrastructure evolution as Bitcoin retreats from $122K highs. SUI integrates Bitcoin-native protocols, Coinbase challenges Oregon regulatory shifts, and South Korean minister divests holdings amid governance transitions. [https://beincrypto.com/institutional-infrastructure-shift-sui]
FULL CONTENT (15948 chars): Institutional Infrastructure Shift | Asia Pacific Morning Brief - BeInCrypto We use cookies to improve your experience. Accept :where(div,a)]:text-blue-700 [.dark_&]:[&.active>:where(div,a)]:text-lime-600 [&.active>.bic-dropdown-icon]:rotate-180 [.dark_&]:border-t-dark-grey-500 relative'> svg>path]:fill-currentColor gap-x-3.5 s2 s2--medium ' href='/news/'> News svg>path]:fill-currentColor gap-x-3.5 lg:[.dark_&]:hover:bg-dark-grey-700 [.dark_&]:hover:text-lime-600 lg:hover:bg-grey-100 hover:text-blue-600 flex items-center px-0 py-2 lg:p-2.75 rounded-md dropdown-item w-full whitespace-nowrap s3 s3--medium s3--normal-case lg:s2 lg:s2--medium ' href='https://beincrypto.com/opinion/'>Opinion svg>path]:fill-currentColor gap-x-3.5 lg:[.dark_&]:hover:bg-dark-grey-700 [.dark_&]:hover:text-lime-600 lg:hover:bg-grey-100 hover:text-blue-600 flex items-center px-0 py-2 lg:p-2.75 rounded-md dropdown-item w-full whitespace-nowrap s3 s3--medium s3--normal-case lg:s2 lg:s2--medium ' href='https://beincrypto.com/bitcoin-news/'>Bitcoin svg>path]:fill-currentColor gap-x-3.5 lg:[.dark_&]:hover:bg-dark-grey-700 [.dark_&]:hover:text-lime-600 lg:hover:bg-grey-100 hover:text-blue-600 flex items-center px-0 py-2 lg:p-2.75 rounded-md dropdown-item w-full whitespace-nowrap s3 s3--medium s3--normal-case lg:s2 lg:s2--medium ' href='https://beincrypto.com/altcoin-news/'>Altcoins :where(div,a)]:text-blue-700 [.dark_&]:[&.active>:where(div,a)]:text-lime-600 [&.active>.bic-dropdown-icon]:rotate-180 [.dark_&]:border-t-dark-grey-500 relative'> svg>path]:fill-currentColor gap-x-3.5 s2 s2--medium ' href='#'> Rankings svg>path]:fill-currentColor gap-x-3.5 lg:[.dark_&]:hover:bg-dark-grey-700 [.dark_&]:hover:text-lime-600 lg:hover:bg-grey-100 hover:text-blue-600 flex items-center px-0 py-2 lg:p-2.75 rounded-md dropdown-item w-full whitespace-nowrap s3 s3--medium s3--normal-case lg:s2 lg:s2--medium ' href='/convert/'>Convert svg>path]:fill-currentColor gap-x-3.5 lg:[.dark_&]:hover:bg-dark-grey-700 [.dark_&]:hover:text-lime-600 lg:hover:bg-grey-100 hover:text-blue-600 flex items-center px-0 py-2 lg:p-2.75 rounded-md dropdown-item w-full whitespace-nowrap s3 s3--medium s3--normal-case lg:s2 lg:s2--medium ' href='https://beincrypto.com/exchanges/'>Exchanges svg>path]:fill-currentColor gap-x-3.5 lg:[.dark_&]:hover:bg-dark-grey-700 [.dark_&]:hover:text-lime-600 lg:hover:bg-grey-100 hover:text-blue-600 flex items-center px-0 py-2 lg:p-2.75 rounded-md dropdown-item w-full whitespace-nowrap s3 s3--medium s3--normal-case lg:s2 lg:s2--medium ' href='https://beincrypto.com/price/'>Prices :where(div,a)]:text-blue-700 [.dark_&]:[&.active>:where(div,a)]:text-lime-600 [&.active>.bic-dropdown-icon]:rotate-180 [.dark_&]:border-t-dark-grey-500 relative'> svg>path]:fill-currentColor gap-x-3.5 s2 s2--medium ' href='https://beincrypto.com/learn/'> Learn :where(div,a)]:text-blue-700 [.dark_&]:[&.active>:where(div,a)]:text-lime-600 [&.active>.bic-dropdown-icon]:rotate-180 [.dark_&]:border-t-dark-grey-500 relative'> svg>path]:fill-currentColor gap-x-3.5 s2 s2--medium ' href='https://beincrypto.com/bonus-hunter/'> Bonus Hunter :where(div,a)]:text-blue-700 [.dark_&]:[&.active>:where(div,a)]:text-lime-600 [&.active>.bic-dropdown-icon]:rotate-180 [.dark_&]:border-t-dark-grey-500 relative'> svg>path]:fill-currentColor gap-x-3.5 s2 s2--medium ' href='https://advertise.beincrypto.com/'> Advertise :where(div,a)]:text-blue-700 [.dark_&]:[&.active>:where(div,a)]:text-lime-600 [&.active>.bic-dropdown-icon]:rotate-180 [.dark_&]:border-t-dark-grey-500 relative'> svg>path]:fill-currentColor gap-x-3.5 s2 s2--medium ' href='https://beincrypto.com/learn-to-earn/'> Learn-to-Earn :where(div,a)]:text-blue-700 [.dark_&]:[&.active>:where(div,a)]:text-lime-600 [&.active>.bic-dropdown-icon]:rotate-180 [.dark_&]:border-t-dark-grey-500 relative'> svg>path]:fill-currentColor gap-x-3.5 s2 s2--medium ' href='/newsletters/'> Newsletters :where(div,a)]:text-blue-700 [.dark_&]:[&.active>:where(div,a)]:text-lime-600 [&.active>.bic-dropdown-icon]:rotate-180 [.dark_&]:border-t-dark-grey-500 relative'> svg>path]:fill-currentColor gap-x-3.5 s2 s2--medium ' href='https://beincrypto.com/jobs/'> Web3 Jobs :where(div,a)]:text-blue-700 [.dark_&]:[&.active>:where(div,a)]:text-lime-600 [&.active>.bic-dropdown-icon]:rotate-180 [.dark_&]:border-t-dark-grey-500 relative'> svg>path]:fill-currentColor gap-x-3.5 s2 s2--medium ' href='https://beincrypto.com/top-picks/'> Top Picks English Español Русский Türkçe 한국어 Tiếng Việt Deutsch Português Français Polski Bahasa Indonesia ภาษาไทย اَلْعَرَبِيَّةُ 日本語 Italiano Dutch Dansk Suomi Norsk Svenska हिन्दी Tagalog Українська 中國人 Oʻzbekcha Қазақша / English Español Русский Türkçe 한국어 Tiếng Việt Deutsch Português Français Polski Bahasa Indonesia ภาษาไทย اَلْعَرَبِيَّةُ 日本語 Italiano Dutch Dansk Suomi Norsk Svenska हिन्दी Tagalog Українська 中國人 Oʻzbekcha Қазақша div:nth-child(1)]:rotate-45 [&.active>div:nth-child(1)]:translate-y-2.5 [&.active>div:nth-child(2)]:opacity-0 [&.active>div:nth-child(3)]:-rotate-45 [&.active>div:nth-child(3)]:-translate-y-2.25 z-20 flex flex-col justify-between h-5 cursor-pointer min-w-6 select-none"> li:nth-last-child(2)>span]:text-grey-600 dark:[&>li:nth-last-child(2)>span]:text-grey-400"> Home / Markets / News Report Trusted Institutional Infrastructure Shift | Asia Pacific Morning Brief 3 mins By Oihyun Kim 15 July 2025, 01:12 GMT+0000 Updated by Oihyun Kim 15 July 2025, 01:12 GMT+0000 Join our Trading Community on Telegram Share on Twitter Share on Email Share on Linkedin Share on Google News Welcome to the Asia Pacific Morning Brief—your essential digest of overnight crypto developments shaping regional markets and global sentiment. Grab a green tea and watch this space. Bitcoin&#8217;s ascent to fresh all-time highs above $122,000 yesterday underscores fundamental shifts in institutional positioning, though morning trading sees BTC retreating to $119,000 levels. Today&#8217;s developments—from SUI&#8217;s Bitcoin-native protocol breakthroughs to Coinbase&#8217;s regulatory transparency advocacy and strategic corporate positioning across traditional markets—illuminate how digital asset infrastructure is transitioning from experimental to foundational, reflecting deeper structural forces reshaping the ecosystem beyond speculative cycles. SUI Surges on Bitcoin Integration and ETF Momentum SUI experienced significant upward momentum, climbing over 10% in 24 hours from $3.44 to reach $3.99 before settling at $3.87 at press time. Trading volume surged to $2.89 billion, reflecting substantial market interest in platform-specific developments. Sponsored Sponsored The rally centers on two catalysts: Bitcoin-backed tBTC integration and advancing ETF prospects. SUI became the first non-EVM chain enabling direct tBTC minting, attracting $500 million in Bitcoin liquidity to native protocols within days. This represents 10% of SUI&#8217;s total value locked, demonstrating rare cross-chain appeal. Read More: Everything about Sui Blockchain Institutional momentum builds through Nasdaq&#8217;s 19b-4 filing for 21Shares&#8217; spot SUI ETF , currently under SEC review. The network&#8217;s technical architecture, processing 297,000 transactions per second with 400-millisecond tBTC settlement, positions SUI uniquely in bridging Bitcoin liquidity with next-generation DeFi infrastructure. Despite recent gains, SUI remains 28% below its $5.35 all-time high, with supply dynamics creating long-term structural considerations. South Korean Minister Nominee Divests Crypto Holdings to Avoid Conflicts Bae Gyeong-hun, nominee for South Korea&#8217;s Ministry of Science and ICT, disclosed complete divestiture of cryptocurrency holdings during parliamentary hearings Monday. The nominee liquidated approximately 100,000 won ($75) in digital assets and closed associated accounts to prevent potential conflicts of interest. Sponsored Sponsored &#8220;Public officials holding virtual assets poses conflict concerns,&#8221; Bae stated, emphasizing proactive measures given blockchain technology falls under ministerial jurisdiction. He similarly divested family stock holdings to eliminate oversight ambiguity, though clarifying all transactions remained legally compliant throughout his tenure. Hong Kong&#8217;s Animoca Brands Commits $100M Bitcoin to NYSE-Listed DDC Strategic Partnership Hong Kong blockchain gaming leader Animoca Brands signed a non-binding memorandum with NYSE-listed DDC Enterprise, committing up to $100 million in Bitcoin for yield optimization strategies. The partnership accelerates DDC&#8217;s Bitcoin treasury approach while developing revenue frameworks for public companies adopting digital assets. Animoca co-founder Yat Siu joins DDC&#8217;s newly formed Bitcoin Visionary Council, providing strategic guidance for the food company&#8217;s crypto transformation. DDC recently acquired 230 additional Bitcoin, expanding holdings to 368 BTC, following a $528 million funding round to advance its treasury strategy. Superstate CEO Executes Strategic Acquisition of Distressed Liquor Retailer Sponsored Sponsored Robert Leshner , Superstate&#8217;s CEO and former Compound founder, acquired a controlling 56.9% stake in LQR House for $2.03 million, triggering a 45% share surge. The publicly traded e-commerce liquor retailer operates CWSpirits.com and previously implemented Bitcoin treasury allocation strategies. Leshner candidly acknowledged the company&#8217;s &#8220;somewhat shady history&#8221; and 90% share decline since March, emphasizing his acquisition represents a high-risk turnaround play. His strategic approach involves complete board restructuring and exploring alternative business directions. This acquisition reflects broader cryptocurrency leadership migration into traditional public markets. Similar moves include Ethereum co-founder Joseph Lubin&#8217;s Sharplink Gaming chairmanship and Fundstrat&#8217;s Thomas Lee joining BitMine Immersion Technology. These transactions signal crypto veterans leveraging public market vehicles for strategic positioning, though Leshner hasn&#8217;t disclosed specific digital asset integration plans for his restructuring initiative. Coinbase Challenges Oregon&#8217;s Crypto Regulatory Shift Through Public Records Lawsuit Sponsored Sponsored Coinbase filed injunctive relief in Oregon&#8217;s Marion County Circuit Court, targeting Governor Tina Kotek over alleged transparency violations in digital asset policy development. The exchange contends state officials executed an undisclosed regulatory pivot without public input or formal rulemaking procedures. The dispute centers on Oregon&#8217;s April 2025 enforcement action, where Attorney General Dan Rayfield sued Coinbase for allegedly offering over 30 unregistered securities tokens. Previously, state officials had not classified digital assets as securities, creating what Coinbase characterizes as a &#8220;flip-flop&#8221; decision made behind closed doors. Chief Legal Officer Paul Grewal emphasized the transparency concerns, stating officials violated public records laws by withholding over 80,000 emails that could require more than a year to produce. This legal challenge represents Coinbase&#8217;s broader advocacy strategy, paralleling similar Freedom of Information Act requests against federal agencies like the SEC and FDIC. Sponsored Sponsored The timing coincides with Stand With Crypto&#8217;s push for federal legislation addressing central bank digital currencies, payment stablecoins, and market structure—potentially reshaping regulatory frameworks nationwide. Additional reporting by Shigeki Mori and Paul Kim. Top crypto platforms in the US Figure Markets Explore Coinbase Explore COCA wallet Explore Arkham Explore Moonacy Explore Top crypto platforms in the US Figure Markets Explore Coinbase Explore COCA wallet Explore Arkham Explore Moonacy Explore Top crypto platforms in the US Figure Markets Coinbase COCA wallet Arkham Moonacy Disclaimer In adherence to the Trust Project guidelines, BeInCrypto is committed to unbiased, transparent reporting. This news article aims to provide accurate, timely information. However, readers are advised to verify facts independently and consult with a professional before making any decisions based on this content. Please note that our Terms and Conditions , Privacy Policy , and Disclaimers have been updated. Share on Twitter Share on Email Share on Linkedin Share on Google News Sponsored Sponsored Oihyun Kim READ FULL BIO Oihyun is BeInCrypto's Korea and Japan Team Lead. He worked as an award-winning journalist for 15 years, covering national and international politics, before serving as Editor-In-Chief of CoinDesk Korea. Oihyun also held the position of Assistant Secretary at the Blue House, the President's Office of South Korea. He majored in China during his college years and studied North Korea in graduate school. Oihyun has a keen interest in the world that technology is changing, bringing a unique... Oihyun is BeInCrypto's Korea and Japan Team Lead. He worked as an award-winning journalist for 15 years, covering national and international politics, before serving as Editor-In-Chief of CoinDesk Korea. Oihyun also held the position of Assistant Secretary at the Blue House, the President's Office of South Korea. He majored in China during his college years and studied North Korea in graduate school. Oihyun has a keen interest in the world that technology is changing, bringing a unique... READ FULL BIO #Cryptocurrency Market News Sponsored Sponsored RELATED NEWS Markets News Report Bitcoin’s Rally Means Germany Made The Worst Economic Mistake of The Decade 2 mins 2 hours ago Markets Analysis 3 Made In China Coins to Watch in the Third Week of July 3 mins 5 hours ago Markets News Report PUMP Token Begins Trading With a 50% Jump From Public Sale Price 2 mins 6 hours ago Markets Analysis What Crypto Whales Are Buying Ahead of US CPI Reveal 3 mins 6 hours ago Markets Feature How a Senate Outburst Derailed Meaningful Conversation On the CLARITY Act 4 mins 8 hours ago Top crypto platforms in the US Figure Markets Explore Coinbase Explore COCA wallet Explore Arkham Explore Moonacy Explore Top crypto platforms in the US Figure Markets Explore Coinbase Explore COCA wallet Explore Arkham Explore Moonacy Explore Top crypto platforms in the US Figure Markets Coinbase COCA wallet Arkham Moonacy Most Read Sunny Lu: VeChain’s 2025 Renaissance, Real Utility, and the Path to Decentralized Sustainability 4 mins XRP’s Rally May Be Running Out of Steam—Here’s What On-Chain Data Shows 3 mins 4 days ago Bitget Annual Trading Competition KCGI Launches With $6 Million Prize Pool 3 mins Pi Coin Rises Amid App Studio Milestone, Long-Term Success Relies on Strategic Overhaul 3 mins 5 days ago XRP Price Nears $2.50, Propelled By New Holders Reaching 4-Month High 2 mins 5 days ago Hedera Hits 30-Day High — Here’s Why the Rally Might Just Be Getting Started 2 mins 4 days ago Want to 

- Conveyor technology for fuel cells  | RoboticsTomorrow: Fuel cells are considered one of the most promising technologies for a sustainable energy future since they offer an efficient and clean way to generate electrical energy. The infrastructure that supports them is also crucial in this process. It includes conveyor technology. 
 [https://www.roboticstomorrow.com/news/2025/07/14/conveyor-technology-for-fuel-cells/25181/]
FULL CONTENT (8377 chars): Conveyor technology for fuel cells | RoboticsTomorrow --> Login --> White Papers Events Calendar Featured Products Company Directory Online Robotics Trade Magazine Industrial Automation, Robots and Unmanned Vehicles Login Partner Login If you do not have a RoboticsTomorrow partner account, please register - it's free! Email Address Password Register Now | Forgot Password Search Site Search Enter Keywords (separate each word with a space) Limit search to: Entire Site Articles News Companies Advanced Search Home News Industrial Robotics Mobile Robots Factory Automation Other Topics Site Services Post Title --> Conveyor technology for fuel cells Visit https://montech.com/us/en/belt-conveyors/soltb-conveyors/ for further information Fuel cells are considered one of the most promising technologies for a sustainable energy future since they offer an efficient and clean way to generate electrical energy. The infrastructure that supports them is also crucial in this process. It includes conveyor technology. 07/14/25, 06:03 AM | Industrial Robotics , Factory Automation | Montech Conveyors Corp. Fuel cells are electrochemical devices that convert chemical energy into electrical energy. Hydrogen is used as a fuel that reacts with oxygen, producing water, electricity, and heat. Fuel cells are highly efficient, versatile, and environmentally friendly. Because they do not generate harmful emissions, they are a promising alternative to conventional internal combustion engines and batteries. They are increasingly viewed as a key technology for a sustainable energy future, and they are used in areas such as transport, energy generation, and portable power supply. More Headlines Japan's Car Industry Has Highest Robot Installations in Five Years Vention Launches Next-Generation Modular Palletizer to Power its End-of-Line Automation Solutions Electromate introduces the maxon HEJ Series in Canada: Compact, High Torque Robot Joints for Robotic Applications Radius Launches Strategic ERG Handbook to Strengthen Employee Networks and Drive Inclusive Culture SDP/SI Supports Robotics Innovators with Tailored Motor and Gear Solutions Articles Methods for Empty Carton Induction in Pick Modules The Human + Robot Workforce: How Collaborative Robotics Are Solving the Labor Crisis Inspection of critical infrastructure using intelligent drones Upgrade Your Mezzanine Flooring While Avoiding Timely and Costly Replacement Robot-Based Shelf Monitoring Cameras for Retail Operation Efficiency The role of conveyor technology Conveyor technology is an indispensable component for the efficient production and successful use of fuel cell systems. On the one hand, efficient and reliable conveying technology in their production increases the performance, reliability, and cost-effectiveness of fuel cell technologies. On the other hand, fuel cell applications are therefore gaining wider acceptance and are being used more extensively in various applications. The different application areas Belt conveyors are used in various phases in fuel cell production processes. Initially, they are used to reliably produce, test, and store the individual materials such as the bipolar plates and membrane electrode unit (MEA). During production, the belt conveyors safely transport the materials through the various stages of the process, for example from cutting and forming to assembly (stacking) of the individual components to form a so-called fuel cell stack. After production is complete, they transport the finished products to packaging and shipping areas. And in the processes of quality inspection and control, the belt conveyors transport the products through the inspection and test stations. Precautions for the use of belt conveyors for fuel cell production In order to ensure the safety and efficiency of the processes, certain precautions must be observed when using belt conveyors in fuel cell production. These start when materials are loaded and unloaded onto the belt conveyors. Damage to products or equipment must be avoided in order to guarantee a safe and smooth process. The correct selection and alignment of the belt conveyors, for example with regard to the snap action effect of the individual fuel cell, is crucial to prevent blockages or accumulations that could interfere with the production process or damage the materials themselves. In addition, the speed of the belt conveyors must be adapted to the production process and type of materials transported. In order to detect obstacles or anomalies along the conveyor path, the individual belt conveyors must be correctly aligned with each other and equipped with safety sensors. And to ensure that the belt conveyors are always in optimal operating condition, they must undergo regular preventive maintenance. This includes cleaning, lubrication, and component inspection to detect signs of wear or malfunction. Requirements for belt conveyors for fuel cells Belt conveyors used in fuel cell applications require certain characteristics to fulfill the specific requirements of this technology. They must be modular and expandable with vacuum technology. They must also be easy to adjust in various applications and operating conditions. This enables flexible integration into the various production processes for fuel cell systems. The right solution with the SolTB belt conveyors Our SolTB belt conveyor range offers, among other things, vacuum belts, an innovative solution for conveyor technology in fuel cell technology production. Belt conveyors are designed to transport flat, light, and sensitive products and are therefore ideally suited for fuel cells, but also for battery cells, solar cells, paper/cardboard, and plastic films. Some examples are the vacuum belt conveyor, the unloading belt conveyor, and the centering belt conveyor. All SolTB conveyors are characterized by their high efficiency and reliability. 07/14/25, 06:03 AM | Industrial Robotics , Factory Automation | Montech Conveyors Corp. Subscribe to Newsletter More Factory Automation News | Stories | Articles Featured Product OnLogic's Helix 520 Series of Scalable Fanless Computers The Helix 520 series utilizes the latest Intel Core Ultra processors with integrated edge AI capabilities to deliver exceptional performance and industrial-grade reliability for demanding applications in automation, robotics, machine vision, and more. Its unique modular design allows for flexible scaling of CPU and GPU performance, while robust connectivity and expansion options ensure seamless integration. More Products Feature Your Product Sponsors Socials Most Popular Articles Inspection of critical infrastructure using intelligent drones 05/27/25 | Other Topics The Human + Robot Workforce: How Collaborative Robotics Are Solving the Labor Crisis 05/28/25 | Mobile Robots Methods for Empty Carton Induction in Pick Modules 06/05/25 | Factory Automation Articles &amp; Stories | News Events and Conferences Commercial UAV Expo Sep 02 | 04 2025, Las Vegas, NV FABTECH 2025 Sep 08 | 11 2025, Chicago, IL Unmanned Systems West Sep 09 | 10 2025, San Diego, CA SPS - Smart Production Solutions Atlanta 2025 Sep 16 | 18 2025, Atlanta, GA PACK EXPO Las Vegas Sep 29 | 01 2025, Las Vegas, NV More Events Site Services Feature Your Company Publish Your News Promote Your Products / Services List Your Event Advertise Your Brand Contribute Articles and Stories Subscribe to RSS Feeds &amp; Newsletters Search - Articles, Companies, News Socials Full List of Site Services Off Topic Alternative Energy Eagleview One™ - AI and Precise 3D Models in One Easy Platform The winds of change – technology, trends and the road ahead SOLAR CAR CHALLENGE BRINGS TEENS FROM ACROSS U.S. TO DFW FOR EPIC RACE Manufacturing &amp; Automation Does technology’s role in manufacturing need a rethink? 900% Cost Increase Prompts Medical Device Manufacturer to Switch ERPs The Solar Shift: Why Clean Energy Is Now a Strategic Imperative for U.S. Manufacturers AltEnergyMag ManufacturingTomorrow More Industrial Automation, Robots and Unmanned Vehicles Resources Contact Info Bloggers and Associate Authors Privacy Policy Advertise Subscribe | Search | Promote Products | Feature Your Company | Publish News | List Event Articles | News | Stories | Products | Companies | Events &copy; 2010 - 2025 RoboticsTomorrow - All Rights Reserved Powered by BTH Management

---

TOPIC: Environmental and Energy Statistics

LIVE SEARCH SUMMARY:
{
  "stories": [
    {
      "headline": "California Reports Significant Clean Energy Milestones in Latest Update",
      "engagement_total": 0,
      "x_posts": [],
      "supporting_articles": ["https://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/2025/07/14/newsom-boasts-of-california-clean-energy-milestones/"]
    },
    {
      "headline": "Netherlands Implements Electricity Rationing Due to Energy System Congestion",
      "engagement_total": 0,
      "x_posts": [],
      "supporting_articles": ["https://netherlands.news-pravda.com/en/world/2025/07/15/6883.html"]
    },
    {
      "headline": "UK Releases Environmental Improvement Plan Progress Report for April 2024 to March 2025",
      "engagement_total": 0,
      "x_posts": [],
      "supporting_articles": ["https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/environmental-improvement-plan-annual-progress-report-2024-to-2025/environmental-improvement-plan-annual-progress-report-april-2024-to-march-2025"]
    },
    {
      "headline": "Institute for 

X POSTS FROM SEARCH (0):
None found

SUPPORTING ARTICLES (7):
- Currents: An Energy Update Week of July 14, 2025 - IER: Currents is a weekly show produced by the Institute for Energy Research (IER) that recaps the latest news from the… [https://instituteforenergyresearch.org/the-grid/currents-an-energy-update-week-of-july-14-2025]
FULL CONTENT (1433 chars): Currents: An Energy Update Week of July 14, 2025 - IER --> Studies &amp; Data Energy Encyclopedia Commentary Fueling The Conversation Press Press Releases IER in the News Meet Our Experts Media Resources Contact Special Projects Big Green Inc. Pipelines EV Focus Natural Gas Bans Policymaker Resources Policy Briefs Regulatory Comments Testimony Podcasts and Multimedia Currents Energy News Podcast Plugged In Podcast Policy Videos About Contact Newsletter Donate to IER IER . Currents Currents: An Energy Update Week of July 14, 2025 IER July 14, 2025 Contact IER Currents is a weekly show produced by the Institute for Energy Research (IER) that recaps the latest news from the world of energy and research from IER. Links: Ditch the Subsidies: Full Expensing Is the Smarter Path for Energy Abundance Renewable Energy Project Cancellations Spike in Texas &nbsp; Institute for Energy Research · #15 Currents: An Energy Update (7/14/25-7/18/25) See More Articles By This Expert Tags AI, artificial intelligence, electricity generation July 2025 Energy Department Report Raises Blackout Risks from AI and Increased Electrification if Current Utility Plans Continue Read More Stay in Touch Enter your email address * CAPTCHA All donations are tax-deductible to the fullest extent allowed by law. Contact Privacy Policy RSS Feeds &nbsp; Don’t miss out on the latest news updates from IER’s team of energy experts. Get Updates From IER X

- [Article from www.reuters.com]: [Content not accessible] [https://www.reuters.com/business/energy/]
FULL CONTENT (0 chars): [Content not accessible]

- Climate and Environment - The New York Times: <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/newsletters/climate-change" target="_blank">Sign up for the Climate Forward newsletter,</a> for Times subscribers. [https://www.nytimes.com/section/climate]
FULL CONTENT (6755 chars): Climate and Environment - The New York Times Skip to content Skip to site index Climate and Environment Today’s Paper Supported by SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Climate and Environment Sign up for the Climate Forward newsletter, for Times subscribers. Sign up for the Climate Forward newsletter, for Times subscribers. Highlights Trump Is Gutting Weather Science and Reducing Disaster Response As a warming planet delivers more extreme weather, experts warn that the Trump administration is dismantling the government’s disaster capabilities. By Lisa Friedman Maxine Joselow Coral Davenport and Megan Mineiro Credit Jordan Vonderhaar for The New York Times Around the World, Flash Flood Disasters Are the ‘Hardest Kind to Prevent’ Scholars and designers of early warning systems say that there are still huge gaps in our ability to predict flash floods and warn those at risk. By Max Bearak and Hiroko Tabuchi Credit Jose Jordan/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images Sierra Club’s Executive Director Is on Leave After a Rocky Tenure Ben Jealous, who joined the environmental group in 2023, has clashed with some employees and the organization’s union. By Claire Brown Credit Craig Hudson for The New York Times FEMA Didn’t Answer Thousands of Calls From Flood Survivors, Documents Show Two days after deadly Texas floods, the agency struggled to answer calls from survivors because of call center contracts that weren’t extended. By Maxine Joselow Credit Jordan Vonderhaar for The New York Times 50 States, 50 Fixes A series about local solutions, and the people behind them, to environmental problems. Credit Liam Cobb There’s a Race to Power the Future. China Is Pulling Away. Beijing is selling clean energy to the world, Washington is pushing oil and gas. Both are driven by national security. By David Gelles Somini Sengupta Keith Bradsher Brad Plumer and Harry Stevens Credit Gilles Sabrié and J. Emilio Flores for The New York Times Insurers Are Deserting Homeowners as Climate Shocks Worsen Without insurance, it’s impossible to get a mortgage; without a mortgage, most Americans can’t buy a home. By Christopher Flavelle and Mira Rojanasakul Credit The New York Times Trash or Recycling? Why Plastic Keeps Us Guessing. Did you know the “recycling” symbol doesn’t mean something is actually recyclable? Play our trashy garbage-sorting game, then read about why this is so tricky. By Hiroko Tabuchi and Winston Choi-Schagrin Credit Rinee Shah A Climate Change Guide for Kids The future could be bad, or it could be better. You can help decide. By Julia Rosen and Yuliya Parshina-Kottas Credit Yuliya Parshina-Kottas/The New York Times Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT The Climate Forward Newsletter More in The Climate Forward Newsletter › Trump May Not Be Done Overhauling Renewable Energy Days after the passage of a sprawling domestic policy bill, the Trump administration announced moves that could further hamstring renewable energy. By Claire Brown Credit Jim Urquhart/Reuters Why the Texas Floods Were So Deadly Scientists say a hotter planet is driving more intense storms. But experts say the U.S. is also not doing enough to adapt to increasingly intense floods. By David Gelles Credit Loren Elliott for The New York Times The G.O.P. Policy Bill Would Shift U.S. Energy Policy The sprawling bill would boost fossil fuels and end tax credits for wind, solar power and electric vehicles. By Brad Plumer Credit Brandon Bell/Getty Images Trump’s Policy Bill Could Put the U.S. Further Behind China Republicans’ tax and policy bill could give China a bigger lead in the race to develop renewable energy technologies. By David Gelles Credit Gilles Sabrié for The New York Times An Ode to Joy, in Climate Action Climate change is often unrelentingly grim. But some activists argue that joyful climate action can change minds. By Cara Buckley Credit Kelly Burgess for The New York Times Latest Search Search Clear this text input NASA Website Will Not Provide Previous National Climate Reports An agency spokeswoman had initially stated that NASA would retain earlier assessments online for continuity. By Rebecca Dzombak It’s Paradise Lost as Climate Change Remakes Europe’s Summers In peak vacation season, many of the continent’s most desirable getaways are becoming places to get away from. By Jason Horowitz Leer en español Climate Law Could Shape the Race for New York City’s Next Mayor Zohran Mamdani, the Democratic nominee, has vowed to strictly enforce the measure, Local Law 97, which calls for potentially expensive upgrades to buildings to curb greenhouse emissions. By Hilary Howard Pakistan Dispatch When It’s This Hot, ‘We Are Enduring, Not Living’ How one man gets by in the unbearable and inescapable heat of Pakistan’s biggest and most unlivable city. By Zia ur-Rehman and Asim Hafeez After Texas Disaster, Trump Shifts His Tone on FEMA Earlier this year, President Trump suggested he wanted to shutter the agency. Now, he says his aides “fixed it up in no time.” By Luke Broadwater and Shawn McCreesh In Flash Flood Hotspots, Many Federal Meteorologist Positions Remain Unfilled An analysis of National Weather Service job vacancies found that in more than a third of offices overseeing flash flood hotspots, one or more of three senior leadership roles are open. By Hiroko Tabuchi and Mira Rojanasakul Republicans Blame Canada for Wildfire Smoke ‘Suffocating’ the U.S. Six members of Congress from Wisconsin and Minnesota have asked Canada to say how it plans to tackle the blazes and reduce the haze billowing south. By Vjosa Isai As Southern France Swelters, the Avignon Festival Tries to Adapt Rising temperatures pose an existential threat to the theater extravaganza, where extreme heat is making it tough for the audience. By Laura Cappelle Before Tragedy, Texas Repeatedly Rejected Pleas for Flood Alarm Funding Kerr County failed to secure a warning system, even as local officials remained aware of the risks and as billions of dollars were available for similar projects. By Christopher Flavelle, J. David Goodman and Andrea Fuller Leer en español No, Chemtrails Are Not Real or Causing Floods, E.P.A. Says The agency took the unusual step of creating websites debunking the conspiracy theory that chemicals are being sprayed in the sky to control the weather or do other things. By Maxine Joselow Page 1 of 10 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Follow Us @nytclimate twitter page for @nytclimate Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2025 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Accessibility Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Canada International Help Subscriptions Manage Privacy Preferences

- Newsom boasts of California clean energy milestones – San Diego Union-Tribune: More renewable sources pouring onto the state’s electric grid, but utility rates remain high. [https://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/2025/07/14/newsom-boasts-of-california-clean-energy-milestones/]
FULL CONTENT (11576 chars): Newsom boasts of California clean energy milestones &#8211; San Diego Union-Tribune Skip to content All Sections 68&deg;F Monday, July 14th 2025 e-Edition Home Page About Us About Us Our Journalism Community Advisory Board Contact the Newsroom eNewspaper The San Diego Union-Tribune Carmel Valley News Del Mar Times Encinitas Advocate La Jolla Light PB Monthly Point Loma OB Monthly Poway News Chieftain Ramona Sentinel Rancho Bernardo News Rancho Santa Fe Review Solana Beach Sun Columnists Nick Canepa Lisa Deaderick Tom Krasovic Bryce Miller Michael Smolens News Local News Border &amp; Baja California Crime and Public Safety Courts Education Environment Health Immigration Local Politics Military National Politics National News Politics Science Transportation Watchdog World News Local News San Diego County San Diego North County East County South County Handpicked by Locals Business Business Biotech Growth &amp; Development Economy Energy Real Estate Restaurants, Food and Drink Technology Tourism Best Reviews Opinion Opinion Community Voices Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Editorial Board Sports Sports SDSU Aztecs San Diego Padres San Diego FC San Diego Wave FC High School Sports Chargers/Rams Toreros San Diego Gulls Golf Fantasy Sports Things to do Things to do Amusement Parks Arts Books Casinos Recipes Home and Garden Movies Music and Concerts Restaurants, Food and Drink Theater Travel TV and Streaming UT Store Weather U-T En Español Del Mar Times Encinitas Advocate La Jolla Light Pacific San Diego PB Monthly Point Loma OB Monthly Pomerado News Rancho Santa Fe Review Ramona Sentinel U-T Community Press Del Mar Times Encinitas Advocate La Jolla Light PB Monthly Point Loma OB Monthly Pomerado News Ramona Sentinel Rancho Santa Fe Review Pacific San Diego Together San Diego Obituaries Obituaries News Obituaries Place an Obituary Comics and Games Subscriber Services Manage Subscription EZ Pay Vacation Stop Delivery Issue Sponsored Content Branded Content Paid Content by Brandpoint The T.E.A. Advertise with Us Get the latest news in your inbox! Sign Up Energy | Newsom boasts of California clean energy&#8230; Share this: Click to share on X (Opens in new window) X Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Facebook Click to print (Opens in new window) Print Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window) Email Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Reddit Subscribe Login Account Settings Contact Us Log Out Spoof a user Get the latest news in your inbox! Sign Up Subscribe Login Search 68&deg;F Monday, July 14th 2025 e-Edition Energy Biotech Development Economy Energy Real Estate Restaurants Technology Tourism Trending: 💥 Comic-Con: From A to Z ⚾ MLB draft: Scripps Ranch grad 🏳️‍🌈 San Diego Pride 🌯 Pancho Villa&#039;s tortillas 🦸 Comic-Con trolley wraps Business Energy Newsom boasts of California clean energy milestones More renewable sources pouring onto the state&#039;s electric grid, but utility rates remain high Share this: Click to share on X (Opens in new window) X Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Facebook Click to print (Opens in new window) Print Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window) Email Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Reddit Resources designated as renewable and clean energy accounted for 67% of California&#039;s power in 2023. (Getty Images/iStockphoto) By Rob Nikolewski | rob.nikolewski@sduniontribune.com | The San Diego Union-Tribune PUBLISHED: July 14, 2025 at 12:14 PM PDT Gov. Gavin Newsom on Monday touted that in 2023 — the latest year for which data is available — renewable and clean sources of energy accounted for 67% of California&#8217;s power. In addition, Newsom said so far this year, nine out of 10 days on California&#8217;s electric grid were powered at least part of the day by what the state defines as clean-energy resources. &#8220;California is the largest economy in the world to achieve this level of clean energy,&#8221; a news release from the governor&#8217;s office said, adding that the sources of clean energy include not just solar and wind power but also hydroelectricity, nuclear, geothermal and biomass. &#8220;Not since the Industrial Revolution have we seen this kind of rapid transformation,&#8221; Newsom said in the news release. Gary Ackerman, a utilities and energy consultant with more than four decades of experience in California power issues, acknowledged the statistics but offered a &#8220;sober reminder&#8221; of the steady rise in utility bills that customers across the Golden State pay each month. &#8220;California’s electricity rates are among the highest in the U.S., driven by spending on wildfire risk mitigation, grid upgrades and clean energy mandates,&#8221; Ackerman said in an email to the Union-Tribune. &#8220;The state’s legislature is actively pursuing reforms to cap profits, shift upgrade costs to industry users and protect average households. However, substantial policy and billing changes will take time to implement.&#8221; For years, California has added significant amounts of renewable energy to its electric grid to meet the state&#8217;s mandate to derive 100% of its electricity from carbon-free sources by 2045. Three years ago, Newsom set benchmarks for the state to reach 90% electricity from renewable and zero-carbon resources by 2035 and 95% by 2040 . To help reach those goals, some 25,000 megawatts of new energy resources have been added to the state&#8217;s grid since 2019, with most of that being solar and battery storage. Of the 67% of renewable and clean-designated resources mentioned in Monday&#8217;s news release, 12% in 2023 came from large hydroelectric generation, another 12% came from nuclear power and the remaining 43% came from assorted renewable resources. The numbers came from a dashboard posted by the California Energy Commission . As for the statistic mentioning that clean energy has powered more than nine of of 10 days, that comes from a calculation by the California Independent System Operator, the grid manager that serves about 80% of the state&#8217;s electricity demand. So far this year, the grid has been powered by 100% clean energy for an average of almost seven hours each day. Over the course of 2024, the figure came to 3.3 hours. Related Articles Want a big rebate on a new electric appliance? See if you qualify for this program in San Diego Want to buy an EV or get rooftop solar? What Trump’s megabill means for you EPA announces settlement on cleanup of Otay Mesa battery fire California’s gas tax kicks in: How much more will drivers pay at the pump? California Energy Commission calls for shelving plans to fine oil companies But it&#8217;s important to keep in mind that wind and solar power are intermittent sources of electricity — that is, solar is not produced when the sun does not shine and wind generation drops to practically zero when the wind doesn’t blow. Power sources such as natural gas can fill the gaps, but natural gas is a fossil fuel. That&#8217;s why California policymakers are increasingly counting on battery storage, which emits no carbon dioxide, to pick up the slack. The amount of battery storage capacity in the state has mushroomed nearly 2,000% since 2019, reaching 15,763 megawatts as of Jan. 31 of this year . But all that costs money and spending on clean energy programs to meet the state&#8217;s greenhouse gas reduction targets is one of the drivers of higher electricity rates that utility customers pay. The average per kilowatt-hour price for electricity has roughly doubled since 2013 for all three major investor-owned utilities in the state — San Diego Gas &amp; Electric, Pacific Gas &amp; Electric and Southern California Edison — according to an annual report from the California Public Utilities Commission, or CPUC. The report predicts electric rates will rise 5.6% to 10.8% annually through 2027, well over the rate of inflation. CPUC officials say they&#8217;re focused on affordability concerns and reining in rate increases. In Sacramento, a slew of energy- and utility-related bills are wending their way through the Legislature. Newsom&#8217;s announcement Monday comes on the heels of President Donald Trump signing what was dubbed the &#8220;One Big Beautiful Bill&#8221; that included energy provisions that rolled back federal spending and tax credits for renewable resources such as wind and solar. “As the federal government turns its back on innovation and commonsense, California is making our clean energy future a reality,&#8221; Newsom said. Newsom spent two days last week touring South Carolina , home to an early and crucial presidential primary, fueling speculation that he will enter the race to be the Democratic nominee in the 2028 presidential campaign. Share this: Click to share on X (Opens in new window) X Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Facebook Click to print (Opens in new window) Print Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window) Email Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Reddit RevContent Feed Most Popular Most Popular Trend at San Diego-Tijuana border crossing sees ambulances involved in human smuggling Trend at San Diego-Tijuana border crossing sees ambulances involved in human smuggling Problems with quarter system at UC schools were clear from the start Problems with quarter system at UC schools were clear from the start Padres’ first-round pick ‘a very unique, rare package’ as a pitcher Padres’ first-round pick ‘a very unique, rare package’ as a pitcher Gaylord Pacific opening helps set record for San Diego hotel development Gaylord Pacific opening helps set record for San Diego hotel development Stay or go? For some transgender San Diego sailors and Marines, Trump’s ban leaves one option: ‘Come and find me’ Stay or go? For some transgender San Diego sailors and Marines, Trump’s ban leaves one option: ‘Come and find me’ Comic-Con 2025: Here’s your Saturday schedule Comic-Con 2025: Here’s your Saturday schedule Pancho Villa’s tortillas live on in a new neighborhood market Pancho Villa’s tortillas live on in a new neighborhood market Tom Krasovic: Padres need a backstop, but potential upgrade comes with a catch Tom Krasovic: Padres need a backstop, but potential upgrade comes with a catch Jackson Merrill homers twice, 5 relievers lock down Padres’ win over Phillies Jackson Merrill homers twice, 5 relievers lock down Padres’ win over Phillies Park ranger program proposed for Oceanside Park ranger program proposed for Oceanside More in Energy Want to buy an EV or get rooftop solar? What Trump’s megabill means for you EPA announces settlement on cleanup of Otay Mesa battery fire Smaller nuclear reactors spark renewed interest in a once-shunned energy source California’s gas tax kicks in: How much more will drivers pay at the pump? Events 2025 July 14 Subscribe Sign Up For Newsletters E-Edition Breaking News Marketplace Classifieds Obituaries Legals Local Job Board About The San Diego Union-Tribune About Southern California News Group MediaNews Group Work with us Privacy Policy Accessibility News Archive Advertising Solutions Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist Partners Sponsor a Student Contact Us Corrections Contact Newsroom Photo reprints SDUT Store Reader rewards Sponsored Access Terms of Use Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences California Notice at Collection Notice of Financial Incentive Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Copyright &copy; 2025 MediaNews Group Close

- Weekly Climate and Energy News Roundup #649 – Watts Up With That?: “As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.” ― Albert Einstein [https://wattsupwiththat.com/2025/07/14/weekly-climate-and-energy-news-roundup-649]
FULL CONTENT (113831 chars): Weekly Climate and Energy News Roundup #649 &#8211; Watts Up With That? Skip to content &nbsp;&nbsp;Monday, July 14, 2025 Watts Up With That? The world&#039;s most viewed site on global warming and climate change Search Search Log In About Awards Contact Compose story FAQs My Blog Spawn Policy Privacy Policy Publications and Projects Test Climate TV Books Everything Climate Claimed Dangers Increase in U.S. Wildfires Due to Climate Change Great Lakes Water Levels are falling due to Climate Change Climate Change vs. Crop Production Coral Reefs are Dying Because of Climate Change Climate Change is Lowering Water Levels at Lake Tahoe Coal Pollution Can Be Seen Pouring From Power Plant Smokestacks Oceans, Sea Level, and Ice Antarctic Ice Melt Greenland Ice Loss Will Cause Dangerous Sea Level Rise Ocean Acidification Sea Level Rise is Accelerating Dramatically Earth&#8217;s Temperature 2023 Was Earth’s Hottest 12 Months in 125,000 years The Global Temperature Record Says We Are in a ‘Climate Emergency’ Unprecedented Heat Wave in Pacific Northwest was Driven by Climate Change U.S. Heat Waves are Getting Worse We Need to Limit Global Warming to 1.5 Degrees C° U.S. Temperatures are Rising Dramatically Global Warming is Causing Cold Spells Urban Heat Islands Do Not Exaggerate Global Warming We are in the ‘Hottest Ever’ Period Due to Climate Change Measurement, Emissions &#038; Climate Models Climate Sensitivity Instrumental Temperature Records Demonstrate Man-Made Global Warming The 130-Degree F Reading in Death Valley Is A World Record Is The US surface Temperature Record a Reliable Indicator of Warming? Climate Change is Causing Accelerated 21st Century Surface Warming Measuring the Earth’s Global Average Temperature is a Scientific and Objective Process El Niño and Climate Change Climate Models have Accurately Predicted 30 Years of Warming A Climate Tipping Point Will Happen at 1.5°C of Warming Weather Climate Change Will Increase the Number and Severity of Tornadoes Climate Change is Increasing the Strength and Frequency of Hurricanes Climate Change is Causing More Floods Droughts are Increasing Due to Climate Change Reference Climate Sensitivity Atmosphere Page CO2 Page Atmospheric Oscillation Page Climatic Phenomena ENSO Page ENSO Forecast Page Polar Vortex Page Northern Polar Vortex Page Southern Polar Vortex Page Climategate &#8220;Extreme Weather&#8221; Page Tornado Page Tropical Cyclone Page Geomagnetism Page Global Temperature – Climate Global Climate Page Global Temperature Page Glossary Ocean Page Oceanic Oscillation Page Paleoclimate Page Sea Ice Page Beaufort Sea Ice Page Great Lakes Ice Page Research Potential Climatic Variables Page The Spencer-Braswell &#038; Dessler papers Solar Page US Weather – Climate US Climate Page US Weather Page Predictions Submit Story Send News Tip Home 2025 July 14 Weekly Climate and Energy News Roundup #649 Climate News Roundup Weekly Climate and Energy News Roundup #649 17 hours ago Guest Blogger 22 Comments The Week That Was: 2025-07-12 (July 12, 2025) Brought to You by SEPP ( www.SEPP.org ) The Science and Environmental Policy Project Quote of the Week: “As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.” ― Albert Einstein ********************* Number of the Week: 99% of Data THIS WEEK: By Ken Haapala, President, Science and Environmental Policy Project (SEPP) Scope: TWTW begins a discussion on one key point in the complex, evidence filled, separate presentations by Willie Soon and John Clauser at the Doctors for Disaster Preparedness annual meeting. They show that omission of critical data often results in a deceit. TWTW continues with another omission of data that helped the acceptance of the Linear No Threshold Model and concludes with a brief discussion of the recent flood in Texas. ********************* A Deceit: After Dr. Jane Orient began the 42 nd annual meeting of the Doctors for Disaster Preparedness (DDP) with a welcoming address, Astrophysicist Willie Soon delivered a lecture loaded with information. Fortunately, TWTW obtained the slides and the video and is able to post the slides, which are easier to follow. The lecture is titled “How well can we measure the Earth’s energy budget? An Ongoing Scientific Discussion” and was developed in collaboration with Soon’s colleagues Ronan and Michael Connolly. The importance of Earth’s energy budget was presented in the series of ten brief papers on “Basic Climate Physics” by Howard “Cork” Hayden posted on the SEPP website in 2022. How much energy does Earth receive from the Sun and how much is Earth transmitting to space? [For these calculations, the energy within the Earth left over from its formation and from radioactive decay is so small these calculations are not needed for basic calculations.] If Earth is receiving more radiation than it is transmitting to space, Earth will warm. If it is transmitting more energy to space than it is receiving from the sun, Earth will cool. The major problem is that we cannot measure the Greenhouse Effect directly. So, one must calculate the difference between two large numbers to find a small one. A small percentage error in either of the large numbers will result in a large error in the small one, and may even change the sign of the difference, say from positive to negative. In his essays, Hayden explains how William van Wijngaarden and William Happer were able to make the calculations using the detailed HITRAN database. [“HITRAN is an acronym for high-resolution transmission molecular absorption database. HITRAN is a compilation of spectroscopic parameters that a variety of computer codes use to predict and simulate the transmission and emission of light in the atmosphere. HITRAN data is predominantly used in atmospheric science and astrophysics, but it has many applications throughout science, industry, and technology.” https://hitran.org/ ] The database is updated frequently. Using the Stefan-Boltzmann law that the total energy radiated per unit surface area of a black body is directly proportional to the fourth power of the black body&#8217;s thermodynamic temperature (Kelvin), Hayden showed how van Wijngaarden and Happer can calculate the Greenhouse Effect defined by the IPCC to be the difference between the amount of IR emitted by the surface and the IR emitted to space, (for clear skies). Thus, the Earth’s energy budget can be calculated from observations, physical evidence. Willie Soon went into detail showing how the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change arrived at its Earth’s energy budget for which it blames human emissions of carbon dioxide for causing what is called dangerous global warming. Soon begins that section of his lecture with a slide stating: “On the hypothetical EEI (Earth Energy Imbalance) index invented by James Hansen (or how Hansen thinks that Earth system can magically figure out that only the man-made part of the atmospheric CO2 will cause imbalances in the energy equilibration process?)” As evidence, Soon provides two 2005 papers with James Hansen the lead author. The first is “Earth&#8217;s Energy Imbalance: Confirmation and Implications” published by AAAS Science. The abstract states: “ Our climate model, driven mainly by increasing human-made greenhouse gases and aerosols, among other forcings, calculates that Earth is now absorbing 0.85 ± 0.15 watts per square meter more energy from the Sun than it is emitting to space. This imbalance is confirmed by precise measurements of increasing ocean heat content over the past 10 years. Implications include (i) the expectation of additional global warming of about 0.6°C without further change of atmospheric composition; (ii) the confirmation of the climate system&#8217;s lag in responding to forcings, implying the need for anticipatory actions to avoid any specified level of climate change; and (iii) the likelihood of acceleration of ice sheet disintegration and sea level rise.” [Boldface by Soon] https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/science.1110252 Soon points out that Hansen’s Earth Energy Imbalance (EEI) “is a model-derived speculation, not a measured quantity (see the root in Hansen et al. 2005).” Soon states: “The origin of the ‘disequilibrium’ brought forth strictly because of the human-component of the CO2 in the air:” Then Soon shows the slide “The original speculation of EEI by Hansen et al., (1985).” The paper is “Climate Response Times: Dependence on Climate Sensitivity and Ocean Mixing” published by AAAS Science with James Hansen the lead author. The abstract reads: “The factors that determine climate response times were investigated with simple models and scaling statements. The response times are particularly sensitive to (i) the amount that the climate response is amplified by feedbacks and (ii) the representation of ocean mixing. If equilibrium climate sensitivity is 3°C or greater for a doubling of the carbon dioxide concentration, then most of the expected warming attributable to trace gases added to the atmosphere by man probably has not yet occurred. This yet to be realized warming calls into question a policy of &#8220;wait and see&#8221; regarding the issue of how to deal with increasing atmospheric carbon dioxide and other trace gases.” [Boldface by Soon] https://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=Climate+Response+Times:+Dependence+on+Climate+Sensitivity+and+Ocean+Mixing&#038;hl=en&#038;as_sdt=0&#038;as_vis=1&#038;oi=scholart Soon states that EEI was not a scientific deduction but “was wholly invented essentially to ‘kill/destroy’ the ‘wait and see’ policy response, not a scientific deduction.” From the text Soon cites [references omitted here]: “There is evidence that some mechanisms of ocean overturning are capable of sudden changes, and the paleoclimate record reveals cases of large warming within periods of no more than several decades. Thus, we cannot exclude the possibility that the climate at some point undergo a rapid transition to the equilibrium climate for current atmospheric compositions.” [ The boldface was underlined by Soon.] Soon states: “EEI was wholly invented essentially to ‘kill/destroy’ the ‘wait and see’ policy response, not a scientific deduction.” Soon then shows a number of slides updating these questionable assertions by Hansen with the leading one stating: “More magical updates on EEI time series by NASA GISS director, Dr. Gavin Schmidt (2024)?” [Boldface added] To this, TWTW adds that the Greenland Ice Cores, confirmed by the geological records taken around the world shows that many Heinrich and Dansgaard–Oeschger (D-O) Events have occurred and these are unexplained. The D-O events are marked by abrupt warming about every 1500 years followed by gradual cooling. These are unrelated to atmospheric carbon dioxide and there is no basis for Hansen, et al. to assume that they are. Soon continues with many slides supporting his assertion that the claim that CO2 is causing dangerous global warming is the result of speculating using models, not the result of physical evidence, either from experiments or from observations. See link under Challenging the Orthodoxy and https://www.sepp.org/science_papers.cfm?whichyear=2022 for the Hayden papers. ********************* A Myth: As with Willie Soon, John Clauser delivered a lecture loaded with information and references. Only one key point will be discussed in this TWTW. Clauser is a retired experimental and theoretical physicist and the 2022 Physics Nobel Laureate. One of his slides stated he is a Climate Change Denier. Clauser titled his presentation: “Climate change is a scam &#8211; A cloud thermostat stably controls the Earth’s climate, not greenhouse gasses. There is no climate crisis! Serious mistakes and fudges in the IPCC’s global power balance assessment.” The first slide in the lecture stated [red in original]: “Climate change is a myth, promoted by a scam. • The IPCC and its various collaborators have been tasked to use computer modeling and observational data from satellites, ocean bathymetry, and a global network of surface radiation measurements to determine some very important parameters for the Earth’s climate, including: • The Earth’s so-called power imbalance, thereby to prove the IPCC’s assertion of global warming, • The Earth’s associated global average temperature history, and • The Earth’s natural power-balance feedback-stability strength. • Based on these parameters, the IPCC and its various collaborators have been tasked to identify the dominant process or processes that control the Earth’s climate. • In my opinion, the IPCC and its collaborators have grossly botched all of these efforts, and have, prejudicially, erroneously, and dishonestly claimed that there is global warming, in turn, leading to a climate change crisis! • As a result, their whole argument leads to their claims of an impending climate catastrophe. • I show here that their arguments are bogus. Instead, there is a very powerful naturally occurring dominant feedback mechanism that fully stabilizes the Earth’s temperature, irrelevantly of the atmosphere’s content of greenhouse gasses.” Following this are slides stating: “The IPCC’s flawed house-of-cards: Based on the IPCC’s claimed power imbalance and its associated global warming assertion; the IPCC and its collaborators assemble a flawed house of-cards argument that forebodes an impending climate change apocalypse /catastrophe.” Next slide: “The IPCC’s house of cards consists of the following arguments: The IPCC dishonestly claims to have observed a net power imbalance in the Earth’s radiation budget, thereby proving that global warming is real. Global warming (if proven), in turn, leads to climate change. Climate change, in turn, leads to an increased frequency of extreme weather events and other bad phenomena. An increased frequency of extreme weather events, in turn, leads to a global apocalypse and to a climate crisis. The IPCC’s collaborator, NOAA, dishonesty claims to have actually observed an increasing extreme weather event frequency. The IPCC’s repeated bogus claims of a net warming power imbalance of 0.6 ± 0.2 W/m2 is further claimed to be caused by a buildup of atmospheric greenhouse gasses, especially of CO2, by the addition of a so-called radiative forcing of this power imbalance by about 2 W/m2. The IPCC demands that trillions of dollars be spent to limit, prevent, and reverse the atmospheric buildup of greenhouse gasses.” New slide: “I assert that the IPCC’s house of cards has collapsed. I assert that the IPCC and its contributors have not observed a net power imbalance! I assert that the IPCC and its contributors have not proven global warming! I assert that NOAA has not observed an increased frequency of extreme weather events! Without a net power imbalance and the resulting global warming, there is no climate-change crisis! Their house of cards has thus collapsed! There is no cl

- The Netherlands is starting electricity rationing due to the congestion of the energy system caused by the green policy - Pravda Netherlands: The Netherlands is starting electricity rationing due to the congestion of the energy system caused by the green policy. [https://netherlands.news-pravda.com/en/world/2025/07/15/6883.html]
FULL CONTENT (11377 chars): The Netherlands is starting electricity rationing due to the congestion of the energy system caused by the green policy - Pravda Netherlands Pravda Netherlands en nl en Homepage All Videos Top Netherlands EU NATO Russia World Photos Archive Pravda Netherlands World The Netherlands is starting electricity rationing due to the congestion of the energy system caused by the green policy 15.07.2025, 00:05 CET The Netherlands is starting electricity rationing due to the congestion of the energy system caused by the green policy The Netherlands is starting electricity rationing due to the congestion of the energy system caused by the green policy. Source: Telegram "infantmilitario" Top news The volume of the first new wave of military supplies to Kiev will amount to $ 10 billion Trump announced a new scheme for large—scale arms supplies to Ukraine through NATO countries — the volume of the first wave of sales will amount to $ 10 billion... World Yesterday, 19:25 &quot;We have shifted the burden of European defense from American taxpayers to European taxpayers, where it should be. And the traditional defense of Europe will now be entrusted to the European population.&quot; The US Ambassador to.. &quot;We have shifted the burden of European defense from American taxpayers to European taxpayers, where it should be. And the traditional defense of Europe will now be entrusted to the European population. &quot; The US Ambassador to NATO, Matthew Whitaker... World Yesterday, 21:03 The days when the US spent unlimited amounts of money to help Ukraine are over, US Permanent Representative to NATO Matthew Whitaker said in an interview with Fox News According to him, now the US, as part of the agreements following the recent NATO summit in The Hague, is &quot;shifting the burden of expenses&quot; onto European taxpayers, &quot;where it should lie. &quot;RIA Novosti.No one doubted that this is exactly... World Yesterday, 20:56 Forecast of Brent oil price for the period from 14 to 20 July 2025, prepared by NAANS MEDIA for Energy Today: The actual prices on the ICE trading floor, namely-the weighted average value of Brent crude oil futures from July 7-13... World Yesterday, 10:23 Elena Panina: Trump will deliver &quot;something&quot; to Kiev Trump will deliver &quot;something&quot; to KievOn July 13, the US president issued another batch of anti-Russian rhetoric, promising to send Ukraine weapons in the amount of &quot;something&quot;:&quot;It should have been like this a long time ago. I haven&#039;t agreed... World Yesterday, 10:03 More than 10 thousand tons of fish products were exported from Kamchatka in six months As of July 11, more than 800 shipments of fish products with a total weight of 10.3 thousand tons and more than 170 shipments of fish meal with a total weight... World Yesterday, 19:07 The days when the United States spent unlimited amounts of money to help Ukraine are over, said Matthew Whitaker, the United States Permanent Representative to NATO, in an interview with Fox News According to him, now, as part of the... World Yesterday, 20:51 While Bankovaya is renting Odessa, the same scheme is working in Moldova The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development is selling the Moldovan port of Giurgiulesti to Romania, which it previously received from Chisinau for debts... World Yesterday, 13:15 Vladimir Dzhabarov: Yesterday marked exactly 32 years since the day when the 12th outpost of the Moscow border guard in Tajikistan was attacked by numerous militant forces Yesterday marked exactly 32 years since the day when the 12th outpost of the Moscow border guard in Tajikistan was attacked by numerous militant forces. For 11 hours, 48 people held off the fierce attacks of 200-250 Mujahideen. 25 of our border guards... World Yesterday, 13:07 As part of the agreements reached following the last NATO summit in The Hague, the United States is &quot;shifting the burden of costs&quot; to European taxpayers, &quot;where it should lie,&quot; said U.S. Permanent Representative to NATO.. As part of the agreements reached following the last NATO summit in The Hague, the United States is &quot;shifting the burden of costs&quot; to European taxpayers, &quot;where it should lie,&quot; said U.S. Permanent Representative to NATO Matthew Whitaker in... World Yesterday, 20:56 The Moscow State Technical University of the Federal Property Management Agency in the Pskov and Novgorod Regions has provided a land plot of over 14 hectares to the municipal budget cultural institution Velikiye Luki Museum.. The Moscow State Technical University of the Federal Property Management Agency in the Pskov and Novgorod Regions has provided a land plot of over 14 hectares to the municipal budget cultural institution Velikiye Luki Museum of Local Lore for free... World Yesterday, 16:13 Alexey Zhuravlev: At the NATO summit in The Hague, the key topic was Donald Trump&#039;s demand to increase military spending by the Alliance&#039;s countries - The New York Times At the NATO summit in The Hague, the key topic was Donald Trump&#039;s demand to increase military spending by the Alliance&#039;s countries - The New York TimesThe publication notes that the discussion of Russia at the summit created awkwardness due to the... World Yesterday, 15:06 Vladimir Kornilov: In the Netherlands, electricity consumption is beginning to be regulated In the Netherlands, electricity consumption is beginning to be regulated. This was reported by the Financial Times today. The reason is the growing energy crisis.According to the newspaper, almost 12,000 enterprises are currently waiting in line... World Yesterday, 12:53 Macron Projects $75Bln Defense Budget for France by 2027 MOSCOW (Sputnik) - France’s military budget will rise to 64 billion euros ($74.8 billion) by 2027—double the level in 2017—French President Emmanuel Macron announced on Sunday. &quot;In 2017, the military budget was 32 billion euros. According to our... World Yesterday, 07:34 Reports say the plane went down during takeoff Preliminary data indicates it was headed to the Netherlands. ️ Join us! | @MyLordBebo Netherlands Yesterday, 08:14 Netherlands: Early on the morning of June 10, nine poultry transport trucks and a van burned down at the Plukon slaughterhouse in Oosterblokker ️ Join us! | @MyLordBebo Netherlands Yesterday, 07:51 Latest news Latest Top The Netherlands is starting electricity rationing due to the congestion of the energy system caused by the green policy. infantmilitario World 00:05 &quot;We have shifted the burden of European defense from American taxpayers to European taxpayers, where it should be. And the traditional defense of Europe will now be entrusted to the European population.&quot; The US Ambassador to.. World Yesterday, 21:03 As part of the agreements reached following the last NATO summit in The Hague, the United States is &quot;shifting the burden of costs&quot; to European taxpayers, &quot;where it should lie,&quot; said U.S. Permanent Representative to NATO.. World Yesterday, 20:56 The days when the US spent unlimited amounts of money to help Ukraine are over, US Permanent Representative to NATO Matthew Whitaker said in an interview with Fox News World Yesterday, 20:56 The days when the United States spent unlimited amounts of money to help Ukraine are over, said Matthew Whitaker, the United States Permanent Representative to NATO, in an interview with Fox News World Yesterday, 20:51 The volume of the first new wave of military supplies to Kiev will amount to $ 10 billion World Yesterday, 19:25 More than 10 thousand tons of fish products were exported from Kamchatka in six months World Yesterday, 19:07 The Moscow State Technical University of the Federal Property Management Agency in the Pskov and Novgorod Regions has provided a land plot of over 14 hectares to the municipal budget cultural institution Velikiye Luki Museum.. World Yesterday, 16:13 Alexey Zhuravlev: At the NATO summit in The Hague, the key topic was Donald Trump&#039;s demand to increase military spending by the Alliance&#039;s countries - The New York Times World Yesterday, 15:06 While Bankovaya is renting Odessa, the same scheme is working in Moldova World Yesterday, 13:15 Vladimir Dzhabarov: Yesterday marked exactly 32 years since the day when the 12th outpost of the Moscow border guard in Tajikistan was attacked by numerous militant forces World Yesterday, 13:07 Vladimir Kornilov: In the Netherlands, electricity consumption is beginning to be regulated World Yesterday, 12:53 Forecast of Brent oil price for the period from 14 to 20 July 2025, prepared by NAANS MEDIA for Energy Today: World Yesterday, 10:23 Elena Panina: Trump will deliver &quot;something&quot; to Kiev World Yesterday, 10:03 Reports say the plane went down during takeoff Netherlands Yesterday, 08:14 Netherlands: Early on the morning of June 10, nine poultry transport trucks and a van burned down at the Plukon slaughterhouse in Oosterblokker Netherlands Yesterday, 07:51 Macron Projects $75Bln Defense Budget for France by 2027 World Yesterday, 07:34 Breeze-2025 – a new NATO exercise and again with BEKs Netherlands 13.07.2025, 21:01 A small aircraft crashed shortly after takeoff from London’s Southend Airport. According to The Daily Mail, the airplane was a Beechcraft King AirB200 business jet en route to the Netherlands. tassagency_en Netherlands 13.07.2025, 20:56 A small plane crashed after takeoff from Southend Airport near London. According to The Daily Mail, we are talking about a Beechcraft King AirB200 business jet bound for The Netherlands. tass_world World 13.07.2025, 20:21 News &quot;We have shifted the burden of European defense from American taxpayers to European taxpayers, where it should be. And the traditional defense of Europe will now be entrusted to the European population.&quot; The US Ambassador to.. As part of the agreements reached following the last NATO summit in The Hague, the United States is &quot;shifting the burden of costs&quot; to European taxpayers, &quot;where it should lie,&quot; said U.S. Permanent Representative to NATO.. The days when the US spent unlimited amounts of money to help Ukraine are over, US Permanent Representative to NATO Matthew Whitaker said in an interview with Fox News The days when the United States spent unlimited amounts of money to help Ukraine are over, said Matthew Whitaker, the United States Permanent Representative to NATO, in an interview with Fox News The volume of the first new wave of military supplies to Kiev will amount to $ 10 billion More than 10 thousand tons of fish products were exported from Kamchatka in six months The Moscow State Technical University of the Federal Property Management Agency in the Pskov and Novgorod Regions has provided a land plot of over 14 hectares to the municipal budget cultural institution Velikiye Luki Museum.. Alexey Zhuravlev: At the NATO summit in The Hague, the key topic was Donald Trump&#039;s demand to increase military spending by the Alliance&#039;s countries - The New York Times While Bankovaya is renting Odessa, the same scheme is working in Moldova Vladimir Dzhabarov: Yesterday marked exactly 32 years since the day when the 12th outpost of the Moscow border guard in Tajikistan was attacked by numerous militant forces Pravda © Pravda Netherlands, 2025 E-mail: info@news-pravda.com 18+

- 
      Environmental Improvement Plan annual progress report: April 2024 to March 2025 - GOV.UK
  GOV.UK: [Summary not available] [https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/environmental-improvement-plan-annual-progress-report-2024-to-2025/environmental-improvement-plan-annual-progress-report-april-2024-to-march-2025]
FULL CONTENT (64127 chars): Environmental Improvement Plan annual progress report: April 2024 to March 2025 - GOV.UK Cookies on GOV.UK We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. You have accepted additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. You have rejected additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Accept additional cookies Reject additional cookies View cookies Hide this message Skip to main content GOV.UK Navigation menu Menu Menu Search GOV.UK × Search GOV.UK Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments Departments, agencies and public bodies News News stories, speeches, letters and notices Guidance and regulation Detailed guidance, regulations and rules Research and statistics Reports, analysis and official statistics Policy papers and consultations Consultations and strategy Transparency Data, Freedom of Information releases and corporate reports Search Search GOV.UK Search Home Environment Environmental Improvement Plan: annual progress report 2024 to 2025 Department for Environment, Food &amp; Rural Affairs Policy paper Environmental Improvement Plan annual progress report: April 2024 to March 2025 Published 14 July 2025 Applies to England Contents Introduction Overview Apex Goal: Thriving plants and wildlife Improving environmental quality Improving our use of resources Improving our mitigation of and adaptation to climate change Improving our biosecurity Enhancing beauty, heritage, and our engagement with the natural environment How data are used in this annual progress report Reporting on progress towards Environment Act targets: availability of data Print this page © Crown copyright 2025 This publication is licensed under the terms of the Open Government Licence v3.0 except where otherwise stated. To view this licence, visit nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3 or write to the Information Policy Team, The National Archives, Kew, London TW9 4DU, or email: psi@nationalarchives.gov.uk . Where we have identified any third party copyright information you will need to obtain permission from the copyright holders concerned. This publication is available at https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/environmental-improvement-plan-annual-progress-report-2024-to-2025/environmental-improvement-plan-annual-progress-report-april-2024-to-march-2025 Introduction This year’s Environment Improvement Act (EIP) Annual Progress Report is the final one in the series that reports on action taken to deliver the Environmental Improvement Plan, published in 2023 under the previous government. In this plan 10 goals were set out, with Thriving Plants and Wildlife the apex goal into which all other goals feed in to. Later in 2025 we will publish a revision of the EIP (EIP25) to protect and restore our natural environment. EIP25 will include delivery information to set out how we will meet the ambitious Environment Act targets. The government’s number one mission is to kickstart economic growth. We know that the natural resources that underpin our economy are finite and under increasing pressure. The natural environment is amongst our most valuable national assets. EIP25 will set out the approach to improving the natural environment we need to take to grow our economy, build 1.5 million homes, boost food security and meet our environment and climate targets with nature as the enabler, driver and protector of growth. Improving on EIP23, EIP25 will be a clearer, prioritised plan for achieving environmental outcomes such as reducing waste across the economy, planting more trees, improving air quality and halting the decline in species. Our revised EIP will be a document that guides action and decision making, with achievable delivery plans for restoring nature and improving the natural environment, underpinned by world-leading environmental science and consultation with experts. The EIP25 will include a clearer monitoring and evaluation framework through which we will assess progress and interim target delivery. As part of EIP25, we are committed to strengthening our annual reporting on progress and changes to the condition of the natural environment using the monitoring and evaluation framework. In next year’s annual progress report, we will report on progress made under EIP25. Overview In 2023 the Environmental Improvement Plan (EIP23) was published, in accordance with the Environment Act 2021, as a revision of the 25 Year Environment Plan (25YEP) published in 2018. This annual progress report covers April 2024 to March 2025. EIP23 is set out in 10 goals. Each goal has specific targets and commitments described in the EIP23 that contribute to the goal outcome, including the legally binding targets set under the Environment Act 2021. The annual progress report is set out under these goals. This report provides a selection of key achievement updates related to each EIP23 goal. The 10 goals are: Thriving plants and wildlife Clean air Clean and plentiful water Managing exposure to chemicals and pesticides Maximise our resources, minimise our waste Using resources from nature sustainably Mitigating and adapting to climate change Reduced risk of harm from environmental hazards Enhancing biosecurity Enhancing beauty, heritage and engagement with the natural environment Further information on progress towards the targets can be found in the accompanying monitoring annex, which forms part of the annual progress report. Apex Goal: Thriving plants and wildlife There are 6 legally binding Environment Act targets, and 5 interim targets associated with the apex goal of ‘thriving plants and wildlife’. More information on these can be found in the accompanying monitoring annex. Goal 1: Thriving plants and wildlife Achieving thriving plants and wildlife is the apex goal of the EIP23. Achieving all the other EIP23 goals will support achieving the thriving plants and wildlife goal. Key activities over the past year Since the period covered by the annual progress report for 2024 (APR24), the following additional progress has been delivered. Habitats and species In May 2024, the Management of Hedgerows (England) Regulations 2024 introduced management rules into domestic legislation to protect hedgerows on land used for agriculture in England. Between April 2024 and March 2025 Natural England declared a further 4 new National Nature Reserves (NNRs) and significantly extended another. In October 2024, we confirmed our vision for delivering 30by30 on land in England and published the criteria for areas which can count towards this target. The government allocated £13 million to Protected Site Strategies to create and implement restoration plans for priority sites where nature recovery can also contribute to the government growth mission in 2025 to 2026. Between Oct 2024 and April 2025, we ran 2 phases of 30by30 pilots with a small number of partners, to inform the ongoing development of 30by30 guidance and assessment and reporting processes, which are both crucial for enabling 30by30 rollout. Between April 2024 and March 2025 Natural England declared 4 new National Nature Reserves and extended another by more than 7 times its original size. Combined, these ‘King’s Series’ declarations increased the area of National Nature Reserves by almost 5.5%, to over 115,000 hectares. Green finance The Defra-sponsored BSI Nature Investment Standards Programme published a new Biodiversity Standard (BSI Flex 702) for consultation. We have commenced work on new urban nature markets, starting with an urban greening code which is linked to the British Standards Institution (BSI) - BSI Flex. An announcement is expected shortly on the successful grantees who collectively will receive £15 million capacity and capability grant funding. In 2024 to 2025, the Natural Environment Investment Readiness Fund evaluation demonstrated strong results. 86 projects have been supported in England across rounds 1 and 2, and of these, 17 projects have secured additional investment up to £2.5 million, and 4 projects generated over £2.9 million in environmental unit sales. The third funding round launched in June 2024, bringing total supported projects to 127. Land use In April 2024, biodiversity net gain (BNG) became mandatory for small sites (unless exempt) following its introduction for larger sites 2 months prior to that. To note that recently in May 2025 the government launched a consultation on improving the implementation of biodiversity net gain for minor, medium and brownfield development, as well as a consultation on how BNG will apply to nationally significant infrastructure projects from May 2026. Between April 2024 and March 2025, 2 Local Nature Recovery Strategies (LNRSs) were published, and a further 13 had begun or completed the required public consultation on their draft strategy. The remaining 33 were either preparing to consult or at an earlier stage of the preparation process. In February 2025, government published updated Planning Practice Guidance to explain how planning authorities should consider LNRSs. In March 2025 the Planning and Infrastructure Bill was introduced into Parliament. Nature Restoration Fund measures in the Bill will unlock the positive impact development can have in driving the recovery of protected sites and species. The Planning and Infrastructure Bill also proposes that Spatial Development Strategies will have to take account of LNRSs and that Natural England will have to have regard to LNRSs when preparing Environmental Delivery Plans. In October 2024, we launched the Nature Towns and Cities programme. This coalition is working together to deliver greener, fairer, healthier and more connected towns, cities and neighbourhoods. This will enable millions more people to enjoy nature close to home. The goal of this programme is to ensure at least 30% of green and blue space network contributes to nature’s recovery. The Green Infrastructure (GI) Framework has been live for one year. Natural England has worked proactively with over 60 local authorities to embed GI standards within local plans and policies, which results in a nature positive approach to development and growing the economy. Farming The Farming in Protected Landscapes programme (FiPL) was originally set to run until the end of March 2024. In recognition of the positive feedback and outcomes delivered by FiPL, we extended the programme until March 2026 and increased the overall funding to £130 million. The programme will continue to help Protected Landscapes teams work with farmers and land managers to deliver more for climate, nature, people and places. The expanded sustainable farming incentive offer (SFI24) launched in May 2024, including 102 actions covering all farm types in England. This includes actions on soil health, moorland, hedgerows, integrated pest management, farmland wildlife, buffer strips, agroforestry, precision farming, and grassland. In March 2025, with 37,000 live multi-year SFI agreements and the sustainable farming budget successfully allocated, the scheme was closed to new applications. We have a record number of farmers in Environmental Land Management agreements, and continue to refine and improve the offer. Trees and woodlands Government supported the planting of 5,765 ha of woodland and 888,000 trees outside woodland in England between April 2024 and March 2025, equivalent to a total of 7,164 ha of tree canopy and woodland cover or 10.4 million trees. In July 2024, the Forest for Cornwall announced it had reached a major milestone of planting one million trees since it was created in January 2019. In November 2024, a Defra-commissioned review was published which analysed how provisions of the National Planning Policy Framework (NPPF) relating to ancient woodland and ancient and veteran trees were applied in practice. In late November and early December 2024, the government celebrated National Tree Week with activities including publication of the Tree Species Guide for UK Agroforestry Systems. As part of this, the government also launched a UK-wide Tree Planting Taskforce, which brought ministers from Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland together, alongside key delivery partners and arm’s-length bodies, to work to resolve barriers to tree planting, boost biodiversity and grow the UK’s forestry sector to help meet net zero targets. In March 2025, the new Western Forest was announced, the first new national forest in over 30 years. The Western Forest will see 20 million trees planted across the west of England by 2050 and the creation of 2,500 hectares of new woodland by 2030. This is the first step towards delivering the government’s manifesto commitment to create 3 new national forests. Global environment In April 2024, the government funded the first project under Darwin Plus Strategic. This is a new grant scheme designed to fund larger-scale, longer-term conservation projects in and between the UK Overseas Territories. At the 16th Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity the UK co-chaired the negotiations of the new multilateral benefit sharing mechanism, facilitating the launch of the Cali Fund. This global fund provides a route for companies using genetic information from nature to contribute finance for biodiversity. A strategy for raising finance from all sources for delivery of the Global Biodiversity Framework was agreed. The independent International Advisory Panel on Biodiversity Credits (co-sponsored by UK and French Governments) also launched a Framework for high integrity biodiversity credit markets, bringing together High-Level Principles, market actor guidance and pilot projects to help accelerate investment in nature. Defra has continued to deliver its Official Development Assistance (ODA) portfolio which is focused on tackling nature loss, climate change and poverty reduction in developing countries. In 2024 to 2025 this has included continued implementation of the Biodiverse Landscapes Fund, continued delivery of the Darwin Initiative and Illegal Wildlife Trade Challenge Fund which conserve biodiversity and safeguard the environment for local people. This is alongside delivery of the Blue Planet Fund, including the marine challenge fund OCEAN which works to build resilience for coastal people and communities. Alongside this we are continuing support to addre


---

USER'S TIMELINE POSTS (49 posts):
- Adam Schefter: "Browns rookie running back Quinshon Judkins was arrested on a domestic violence and battery charge in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, on Saturday, according to the Fort Lauderdale Police department and Broward County arrest records.

More via @DanielOyefusi:

https://t.co/EaVSNBzmtI" (2696213 views, 2446 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944212468521181688
- Adam Schefter: "Quinshon Judkins was still in jail as of Saturday night and scheduled to have his initial court appearance Sunday morning, according to court records. https://t.co/TPuLpOiS0Q" (847104 views, 1949 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944212980532429103
- Fabrizio Romano: "5️⃣🇦🇷 Leo Messi has completed five consecutive MLS games scoring a brace.

⚽️⚽️ vs Montréal
⚽️⚽️ vs Columbus
⚽️⚽️ vs Montréal
⚽️⚽️ vs New England
⚽️⚽️ vs Nashville https://t.co/O8wwvJJSlK" (680434 views, 21468 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944212704673120658
- Barstool Sports: "Kentucky Derby should feature a jockey race every year

 https://t.co/1h3zPVHBy7" (368349 views, 3672 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944213839165501716
- Barstool Sports: "“Yeah idk how you watch wrestling it’s so fake…”

Explain this then:
 https://t.co/riQQnG3pKP" (298533 views, 543 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944216506809627078
- Pardon My Take: "Jockey Races rock https://t.co/PHAD1ETzMA" (196808 views, 2163 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944217491288265121
- Big Cat: "Marlins Man wanted me to share. Very cool https://t.co/rrjXwIp5Vx" (119048 views, 639 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944222302347895219
- Barstool Sports: "Probably not a good idea to give up the ball directly to Messi @PitchPickss 

https://t.co/cLMp9OWIhX" (114282 views, 229 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944205278029001134
- Barstool Sports: "Hell Yeah, Brother. Nothing Goes Harder Than This Yo-Yo Routine Set To 'System of a Down' https://t.co/JkXgo1Ypmf https://t.co/2maCSUSn92" (112516 views, 59 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944188822146707495
- World of Statistics: "Who alive today will be remembered 1000 years from now?" (103171 views, 507 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944209161082089711
- Barstool Sports: "Receptionist Arrested After Failing to Inform Employer They Were Accidentally Paying Her $450K Salary for a Year, Now Facing Grand Theft &amp; Money Laundering Charges https://t.co/bDsFsJX2b9 https://t.co/aSy2pH0Stu" (99705 views, 36 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944203922291261900
- Barstool Sports: "Watch: ONLY Construction Themed Amusement Park In America “Diggerland USA” Has Every Tractor &amp; Crane Possible To Drive. Plus Car Crushing. Also A+ Husband Daycare. https://t.co/i2Ecb4fjPT https://t.co/5IadBCRB7Z" (95867 views, 96 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944211453721952415
- Sawyer Merritt: "NEWS: A new record was set in Texas last night: batteries supplied 6 gigawatts of power to the grid - the most ever delivered by battery storage in the state. https://t.co/6OBEublrC7 https://t.co/keLsrb3uOH" (72173 views, 1023 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944208866184491341
- Sawyer Merritt: "NEWS: Elon Musk's @boringcompany Las Vegas Loop tunnel is now open to everyone every day from 10AM to 9PM. You can book rides online.

Book: https://t.co/JF0YERrg9m
https://t.co/bHeWxuRVNb" (54270 views, 1103 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944223079279845659
- Max Velocity: "I'm extremely concerned about another major flooding threat that could evolve tonight in Central Texas...

This includes hard-hit areas West of Killeen, Texas, that already saw 10-20" of rain last night. There is a potential for 8-12" of rain in some locations, possibly more," (52100 views, 982 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944199069271756923
- Big Cat: "I can’t wait for college football" (51568 views, 1190 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944236294194049283
- Big Cat: "Tech bros https://t.co/ivgyxmoVFS" (47886 views, 441 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944234538500067794
- The Boring Company: "Vegas Loop is not just for conventions anymore!
Now open every day, 10am to 9pm.

Visit https://t.co/nobnU57DW5 to book your ride between @ResortsWorldLV, @WestgateVegas, and Riviera Station any day of the week.  Can also book in real time in person.

All stations, including https://t.co/icX9dZLaTo" (36265 views, 637 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944220908765556952
- World of Statistics: "Per capita CO₂ emissions 

🇯🇵 Japan: 8.0t
🇪🇬 Egypt: 2.3t

(Annual emission, per Global Carbon Budget 2024)" (36732 views, 98 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944194062938239374
- @jason: "This is fantastic…. @WilliamKassouf has taken the poker brat title from @phil_hellmuth at the wsop https://t.co/4sNTlGjtK8" (34017 views, 23 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944188109286957133
- World of Statistics: "Obesity rate

🇧🇪 Belgium: 20.51%
🇫🇷 France: 10.00%

Worldobesity, BMI &gt; 30kg/m², adults" (27767 views, 82 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944224260765237413
- Max Velocity: "**ALERT** - Dangerous flash flooding ongoing in Carrollton, Richardson, and Plano, Texas, right now!

3-5"+ of rain has fallen, and stationary storms could make this situation worse. Over 700,000 people are in this flash flood warning." (23913 views, 589 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944224791134650868
- Wonder of Science: "This clip from the USGS shows geologist Tim Orr sampling lava from a Kilauea flow in 2017. Chemical analysis of hot lava samples provides important information about activity deep inside a volcano's magma chambers. Source: https://t.co/FD33bDCbEY" (23079 views, 33 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944197836658422162
- Max Velocity: "HUGE FLOOD WATCH is in effect for most of Texas and Oklahoma!

Major flooding is possible over the next 48 hours, especially in Central Texas. 6-12" of rain is possible in localized areas. Turn around, don't drown! https://t.co/qV5EjRmxRK" (20236 views, 498 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944205297171456136
- The Boring Company: "Thanks for riding Vegas Loop! 
Check out https://t.co/nobnU57DW5 for operational hours and ticketing info. https://t.co/o4b4XAgzwR" (19836 views, 452 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944222288075010497
- Dave Lee: "I’ll take sustainable transport, sustainable energy, reusable rockets, space-based internet, AI (Grok), autonomous cars, humanoid robots (Optimus), underground tunnels, neural interfaces (Neuralink), free speech (X), etc. over Bannon’s ad hominem attacks and irrational malice. https://t.co/q3cOiqlmt2" (19003 views, 449 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944227964658360449
- Max Velocity: "MODERATE RISK OF EXCESSIVE RAINFALL IN TEXAS tonight!

Major flooding is possible, in already hard-hit areas over the past week. https://t.co/yTUUPVYxou" (19032 views, 379 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944194632612499694
- CSPAN: "Coming up on C-SPAN2. https://t.co/eh4O6kXlkY" (16289 views, 12 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944205386166276121
- World and Science: "New discovery sets stage for tiny hard drives the size of stamps with 100-fold data density: https://t.co/MDIDSK5MXO" (12370 views, 34 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944190561113579964
- World and Science: "Interesting fact: 2,520 is the smallest number that can be exactly divided by all the numbers 1 to 10. https://t.co/jqVSBEZGIK" (10776 views, 56 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944207173292085598
- World and Science: "Is there a sixth sense?
 
How Do We Know When Someone’s Watching Us?
 
https://t.co/ehYXwMQZhC" (9582 views, 17 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944213698588876878
- Max Velocity: "TORNADO WARNING for Walsenburg, Colorado!

Seek shelter immediately if you’re in this warning! https://t.co/UVAKd8vsze" (9316 views, 217 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944191006586364044
- Vintage Maps: "Map of the city of Naples, Nicolas de Fer. https://t.co/4SDsHR2sq8" (7447 views, 199 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944199112674410549
- History Defined: "Mrs. Missouri Thomas stands in her smokehouse, proudly displaying rows of canned goods and hanging cured meats—a testament to self-sufficiency on Flint River Farms during the Great Depression.

Flint River Farms, Georgia, 1939
Source: Farm Security Administration, Photo by Marion https://t.co/YfDcKzuyH1" (6704 views, 33 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944192669799833883
- History Defined: "Ginger Rogers in the spotlight in Gold Diggers of 1933. Coor by Klimbim. https://t.co/QBzONVXwJe" (6404 views, 67 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944185212537029009
- World and Science: "Very cool decorative piece!

Illuminated Tabletop Water Fountain with automatic pump: https://t.co/tBc2yl4QAf  -AmazonAfflink" (6412 views, 4 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944228299317674047
- History Defined: "Mrs. Bill Daniels, the wife of a coal miner, cans pears in her home near the Panther Red Ash Coal Corporation’s Douglas Mine—a quiet moment of domestic life captured in the heart of McDowell County’s mining community.

Panther, West Virginia, 1946
Source: National Archives, Photo https://t.co/b733YmxuZ7" (5554 views, 28 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944207736163471732
- History Defined: "31 Iconic Photos Of The Great Depression
https://t.co/9XrYlbSWHo" (5403 views, 7 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944192670932373788
- The Boston Globe: "For Bruins draft pick Will Moore, hockey always has been music to his ears https://t.co/htMpXZfEmX" (5348 views, 0 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944195597512184278
- History Defined: "A woman gathers canned food from a storage building as she begins preparing the evening meal, offering a glimpse into daily life in rural South Carolina during the late 1930s.

Summerton, South Carolina, 1939
Source: Farm Security Administration, Photo by Marion Post Wolcott https://t.co/EM476XcaDo" (5309 views, 21 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944200339424448717
- History Defined: "Amazing colorized photos that bring 1930s America to life
https://t.co/9u6NhRvF1W" (5245 views, 13 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944185213594067352
- The Boston Globe: "How can Boston mayoral candidates reach voters during the summer slump? Take to the airwaves. https://t.co/7P8N6502Lv" (5252 views, 1 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944187531156697528
- History Defined: "The home of Mr. and Mrs. Byertoper stands quietly in Blue Earth County, offering a glimpse of rural Minnesota life in the early 20th century.

Blue Earth County, Minnesota, 1920
Source: Blue Earth County Historical Society https://t.co/3SSx22alvA" (5080 views, 13 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944215383646290023
- The Limiting Factor: "I encourage the incestuous relationships between Elon's companies 😂 https://t.co/tinZsVcwMQ" (4932 views, 25 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944214850919706747
- The Boston Globe: "Is FEMA abandoning California? https://t.co/SX7QtikLkE" (4941 views, 0 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944188814479569132
- History Defined: "Rare Historical Photos You’ve Never Seen Before
https://t.co/B5wD7OlUl0" (4925 views, 1 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944207737828548726
- The Boston Globe: "Osprey came back from the brink once. Now chicks are dying in nests, and some blame overfishing. https://t.co/wCMoF4GpyC" (4872 views, 5 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944188542063718659
- History Defined: "A girl and her dog in Van Buren, Indiana, around 1930. https://t.co/86d4iwNjyZ" (4812 views, 47 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944222862266556715
- The Boston Globe: "A landscape of death: What’s left where Ukraine invaded Russia https://t.co/5VvgNLP9jl" (4647 views, 2 likes) https://x.com/i/status/1944203899520299438