Workflow 1: "X Search". This workflow will search the topics of interest on X (twitter) and compile the posts with the most engagements from each search. Compiled posts must be posted within the last 24 hours. There should be no less than 10 posts gathered for each topic. Each topic must have its corresponding posts separated from each other, i.e. a bundle of posts about topic A cannot be bundled with posts about topic B, etc. Data saved for each post must include: the handle that posted it, the characters in the post, the time of the post, a working link for the post, the number of "likes" the post has received.

Workflow 2: "Headline Creator". This workflow will use a chatgpt model via my OpenAI API key to create declarative headlines (no adjectives) using the data received from the posts gathered in workflow 1. The model should be prompted to: "Create applicable news headlines using the bundles of X posts provided. The headlines MUST be factual and contain no opinions or adjectives. Use your best judgment to determine if there are multiple headlines per topic. Provide all of your headlines separated by topic."

Workflow 3: "Support Compiler". This workflow will use the headlines produced by workflow 2 to conduct a web search on Google News (https://news.google.com) using my ScrapingBee API for every headline. For every headline searched, the top 3 results (article) on google news must be scanned and it's link captured.

Workflow 4: "Results Engine". This workflow takes the compiled data from the previous workflows to organize the returned results from the user's query in this app. This workflow will produce individual result boxes that contain the following data: The headlines and sources to X (twitter) posts given from workflow 2, The headlines of the three supporting articles as clickable links to the articles given by workflow 3. All result boxes MUST be separated by headline provided by workflow 2. The app MUST check if 15 complete final results are given at this time. IF 15 complete results are not given, the app MUST move to Workflow 5. IF 15 results ARE given, the app may publish the results for the user.

Workflow 5: "Complete Search". This workflow will restart from workflow 1. Instead of searching the topic in X (twitter), it will supply the list of topics to a chatgpt model via my OpenAI API key and ask the model to generate 2 subtopics for every topic that will be searched in X (twitter) for the most accurate reporting of what is happening within that broad topic. This workflow will then search every subtopic provided by the chatgpt model in X (twitter) individually and compile the highest engaged posts for each search. Compiled posts must be posted within the last 24 hours. There should be no less than 10 posts gathered for each topic. Each sub topic must have its corresponding posts separated from each other, i.e. a bundle of posts about subtopic A cannot be bundled with posts about subtopic B, etc. Data saved for each post must include: the handle that posted it, the characters in the post, the time of the post, a working link for the post, the number of "likes" the post has received. Once this is done, the app will move on to Workflow 2, 3 , 4, and 5 until 15 completed final results are shown. 
